# 조정 EPS 파싱 실패 원문 — COHR 2025-12-16
# 출처: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/820318/000082031825000024/iivi-20251216.htm

iivi-20251216_d2

Exhibit 99.1

PART I 
Item 1.        BUSINESS
Definitions
Coherent Corp. (“Coherent,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), is a vertically integrated manufacturing company that develops, manufactures, and markets lasers, transceivers, and other optical and optoelectronic devices, modules, and systems, as well as engineered materials, for use in the communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics markets. Our headquarters are located at 375 Saxonburg Boulevard, Saxonburg, Pennsylvania 16056, USA. Our telephone number is +1-724-352-4455. Reference to “Coherent,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, unless the context requires otherwise, refers to Coherent Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
The following defined terms are used in this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K: artificial intelligence (AI); artificial reality (AR); bismuth telluride (BiTe); carbon dioxide (CO2); chemical vapor deposition (CVD); continuous wave (CW); co-packaged optics (CPO); datacenter interconnect (DCI); directly modulated laser (DML); deep ultraviolet (DUV); digital signal processor (DSP); edge-emitting laser (EEL); electron-absorption modulated laser (EML); environmental, social, and governance (ESG); extreme-ultraviolet (EUV) lithography; fifth-generation (5G) wireless; fourth-generation (4G) wireless; gallium arsenide (GaAs); gallium antimonide (GaSb), gallium nitride (GaN); gigabit per second (G); high-definition multimedia interface (HDMI); high-electron-mobility transistor (HEMT); indium phosphide (InP); infrared (IR); integrated circuit (IC); intellectual property (IP); kilowatt (kW); light detection and ranging (LiDAR); light-emitting diode (LED); liquid crystal (LC); liquid crystal on silicon (LCoS); machine learning (ML); metal-oxide-semiconductor field-effect transistor (MOSFET); millimeter (mm); nanometer (nm); near-infrared (NIR); optically pumped semiconductor laser (OPSL); organic light-emitting diode (OLED); original equipment manufacturer (OEM); polymerase chain reaction (PCR); printed circuit board (PCB); radio frequency (RF); reconfigurable optical add/drop multiplexer (ROADM); research and development (R&D); silicon carbide (SiC); terabit per second (T); three-dimensional (3D); two-dimensional (2D); transimpedance amplifier (TIA); ultraviolet (UV); vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser (VCSEL); virtual reality (VR); watt (W); wavelength selective switching (WSS); zinc selenide (ZnSe); and zinc sulfide (ZnS).
General Description of Business
Coherent develops, manufactures, and markets lasers, transceivers, and other optical and optoelectronic devices, modules, and systems, as well as engineered materials, for use in communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics applications. We generate nearly all of our revenues, earnings, and cash flows from developing, manufacturing, and marketing a wide range of products and services for our end markets. Coherent has broad technical expertise and a deep technology stack in areas of importance to our products, including materials growth and fabrication of specialty materials, semiconductor lasers, passive optics including isolators, transceivers, transport equipment, high power lasers for semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research. Many of our products include custom integrated software that we develop internally, leveraging our deep domain expertise.
Information Regarding Reporting Segments and Foreign Operations
Effective July 1, 2025, the Company realigned its organizational structure and now identifies multiple operating segments, which are aggregated into two reportable segments: (i) Datacenter & Communications, and (ii) Industrial. In accordance with ASC 280 “Segment Reporting,” the aggregation of the company’s segments is based on similarities in economic characteristics, product and service types, production processes, type or class of customers, and distribution methods. Previously, financial results had been reported in the following three segments: (i) Networking, (ii) Materials, and (iii) Lasers. All applicable segment information has been restated to reflect this change.
Financial data regarding our revenues, results of operations, reporting segments, and international sales for the three years ended June 30, 2025, are set forth in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) and in Note 14. Segment and Geographic Reporting to our Consolidated Financial Statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. We also discuss certain Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed August 15, 2025 related to our foreign operations, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Global Operations
Coherent is headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania, USA, with R&D, manufacturing, and sales facilities worldwide. Our principal U.S. production and R&D operations, in alphabetical order, are located in California, Connecticut, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Texas. Our principal non-U.S. production and R&D operations, in alphabetical order, are based in China, Finland, Germany, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. We also utilize contract manufacturers and strategic suppliers. In addition to sales offices co-located at many of our manufacturing sites, we have sales and marketing subsidiaries, in alphabetical order, in Belgium, Canada, France, Israel, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, and Taiwan. We believe our diverse manufacturing base sets us apart, especially at a time when supply chain resiliency is strongly valued by our customers.
Human Capital
Our core values are Integrity, Collaboration, Accountability, Respect, and Enthusiasm, which we refer to by the acronym I CARE. These values define who we are and serve as a guide in how we engage with each other, our customers, our suppliers, our investors, and our environment. They serve as a model for how we grow the Company in an ethical, scalable, and sustainable manner.
Our People. We support an inclusive environment in which every individual is considered a valuable member of the team. We listen to the voice of the employee and foster open communication through an open-door policy and engagement surveys, among other methods. This rich feedback allows us to reflect and adjust our internal initiatives across the globe to create a culture that recognizes employees’ contributions and values their opinions. 
As of June 30, 2025, the Company employed approximately 30,000 employees worldwide. 

                                                Number of        Percent of
                                                employees             total
Manufacturing                                      25,210               83%
Research and development                            2,660                9%
Sales, general and administrative                   2,346                8%
Total:                                             30,216              100%
Globally, as of June 30, 2025, approximately 45% of the workforce are women. Our global footprint is diverse, with approximately 22,340 employees in the Asia-Pacific region, 3,640 in Europe, and 4,236 in the Americas. 
Occupational Health and Safety. It is our highest priority to keep our employees, customers, and suppliers safe, as the health and safety of our workforce is paramount to the success of our business. We provide our employees upfront and ongoing training to ensure that safety policies and procedures are effectively communicated and implemented. We have experienced employees on-site at each of our manufacturing locations who are tasked with environmental, health, and safety education and compliance. We customize our policies to the local requirements and circumstances of each plant.
Talent Acquisition, Employee Development, and Learning. Hiring talented individuals and continuing to develop our employees are critical to our operations. Our Talent Acquisition teams continue their outreach efforts to engage and attract diverse, high-quality talent to our organization. In connection with universities, we are focused on an internship and apprentice program that builds our early career hire talent pool. We have a robust succession-planning process that identifies internal candidates for development to build a talent funnel for our leadership pipelines. We provide all employees the chance to learn and develop critical skills, and we strive to attract, motivate, and retain our talent. 
Total Rewards. Our Total Rewards offerings are designed to: 
•Provide a market-competitive total rewards package that attracts, motivates, rewards, and retains top talent 
•Balance fixed costs (benefits and base pay) and variable costs (bonus and equity) 
•Provide pay for performance, linked to company and individual performance 
•Ensure strong governance practices, and 
•Align with the interests of our shareholders
Eligible employees may participate in the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, allowing them to purchase company shares at a discount. Select employees are eligible to receive equity-based awards, to align employee and shareholder interests. We also offer a compelling suite of benefits, including comprehensive health benefits, competitive time-off programs, and employee assistance programs.
Inclusion and Belonging. Coherent respects and upholds the universal values of human rights, which are fundamental to every individual. We hold an expectation for all leaders and employees to engage with one another in a manner that is dignified, fair, and respectful, and we continue to identify ways to highlight different perspectives. 
Manufacturing Processes
Our success in developing and manufacturing many of our products depends on our ability to tailor the optical and physical properties of technically challenging materials, components, and photonics-based solutions across our target markets. The ability to produce these complex materials, and to control their quality and in-process yields, is an expertise of the Company that is critical to our customers. In the markets we serve, there is a limited number of high-quality suppliers of many of the components we manufacture. Aside from datacenter transceivers, there are very few industry-standard products. Our lasers are displacing conventional technologies because they can do the job faster, yield higher quality, provide overall economic benefits, and enable next-generation applications. Overall, our key differentiators are our deep technology expertise combined with our ability to deliver volume solutions at scale. 
We continue to increase our use of renewable energy to power our operations and lower our greenhouse gas footprint. We have on-site solar systems at several facilities that further contribute to our renewable energy efforts. Our team also works to minimize energy usage, water usage, other raw materials usage, and waste generation. Coherent has set as a top priority to reduce its carbon footprint across its global operations. Additional information on the Company’s sustainability performance can be found on the ESG section of our website at www.coherent.com. The website address is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. None of the information on, or accessible through, our website is part of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K or our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2025, nor is it incorporated herein by reference.
Sources of Supply
In our production processes, we use numerous optical, electrical, and mechanical parts that are sourced from third-party suppliers. These include ICs, DSPs, mechanical housings, and optical components, and we commonly refer to them as raw materials. Raw materials or subcomponents required in the manufacturing process are generally available from several sources. However, in the Industrial segment, we currently purchase several key components and materials used in the manufacture of our products, including exotic materials, crystals, and optics, from sole-source or limited-source suppliers. We also purchase assemblies and turnkey solutions from contract manufacturers, based on our proprietary designs. We rely on our own production and design capability to manufacture and specify certain strategic components, crystals, fibers, semiconductor lasers, and laser-based systems. We use rare-earth materials in some of our production processes. Like with other materials, we are constantly working to strengthen and diversify our supply chain for resilience. These strategies include maintaining additional buffer stocks and securing multiple sources to ensure resilience. 
The continued high quality of and access to these raw materials are critical to the stability and predictability of our manufacturing yields. We specify and test these raw materials at the onset of and throughout the production process. Additional research and capital investment are sometimes needed to better define future raw materials specifications. We continue to develop strategic second sources as part of our overall business continuity planning, and occasionally experience problems associated with raw materials not meeting contract specifications for quality or purity. Risks associated with reliance on third parties for the timely and reliable delivery of raw materials are discussed in greater detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2025.
Reporting Segments and Business Units
For fiscal year 2025, the Company reports its results in two reporting segments: (i) Datacenter & Communications, and (ii) Industrial. 
The Datacenter & Communications segment leverages our compound semiconductor technology platforms and deep knowledge of end-user applications for its key end markets to deliver differentiated components, modules, and subsystems.
The Industrial segment’s lasers and optics products serve industrial customers in both semiconductor and display capital equipment and precision manufacturing, and instrumentation customers in life sciences and scientific instrumentation. It is also a market leader in engineered materials and optoelectronic devices, such as those based on ZnSe, ZnS, GaAs, InP, GaSb, and SiC. 
Each of these segments develops and markets key products as described below.
Datacenter & Communications
•Transceivers, systems, subsystems, modules, components, optics, and semiconductor devices for datacenter and communications applications.
Industrial
•Excimer lasers, solid-state lasers, CO2 lasers, and laser systems for a variety of industrial applications, including semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research.
•Laser systems and subsystems.
•Engineered materials, laser optics, thermoelectric components, and advanced ceramic and metal-matrix composite materials and products.
•VCSELs, EELs, pump lasers, high-power lasers for materials processing, and ICs.
Markets
For fiscal year 2025, we report revenues of our business segments in the following markets: (i) Datacenter & Communications, and (ii) Industrial. These markets are consistent with the realignment of our organizational structure into two reporting segments which mirror the markets that they report into. The Company realigned its markets from its four former markets: communications, industrial, instrumentation and electronics. 
Datacenter & Communications Market Group
•Datacenter Market Vertical. We have been experiencing significant growth in AI and ML in the datacom market vertical.
At Coherent, we have a complete portfolio of transceivers matched to the requirements set by AI and ML. These transceivers are protocol-agnostic, meaning the same transceiver hardware can support Ethernet and InfiniBand, as well as proprietary protocols for AI and ML such as NVIDIA’s NVLink. 
Over the years, we have made strategic investments that give us a unique level of vertical integration. We not only design and manufacture our transceivers internally, but we also design and manufacture many of the materials and components, including lasers, detectors, ICs, and passive optics. We have in-house laser design and manufacturing capability for GaAs-based VCSELs, InP-based DMLs, EMLs, and CW lasers.
Coherent has multiple 6-inch GaAs VCSEL fabs in the U.S. and Europe. We also have multiple InP fabs in the U.S. and Europe, and we are moving to 6-inch wafer capability. 
Our portfolio also includes silicon photonics and a broad array of CPO-enabling technologies.
•Communications Market Vertical. Coherent optical communications products and technologies enable next-generation high-speed optical transmission systems and transport networks, and datacenter solutions necessary to meet the accelerating global bandwidth demand. 
We are a global technology leader in optical communications, providing materials, subcomponents, components, modules, subsystems, and systems to optical component and module manufacturers, networking equipment manufacturers, datacenter operators, enterprises, and telecom service providers. We design products that meet the increasing demands for network bandwidth and data storage. 
Our Telecom products include coherent transmission components and transceivers as well as transport products such as 980 nm and 14xx pump lasers, erbium-doped fiber amplifiers, passive components, OCM, OTDR, ROADM and Optical line systems.
Our proven experience in both transmission and transport allows us to effectively address the emerging DCI market. Our optoelectronic components, transceivers, submodules, pluggable amplifiers, and configurable line cards are able to meet the requirements of low power consumption, compactness, ease of installation and operation, and cost savings, which are often mandatory features in the DCI market.
Industrial Market Group
•Precision Manufacturing Market Vertical. Our Precision Manufacturing vertical encompasses a broad range of applications across very diverse markets. With complete verticality, from materials to turnkey laser solutions, we intersect with any industrial laser process within the application areas of automotive manufacturing, medical device manufacturing, machine tools, consumer goods, and industrial electrical and electronics. Our portfolio of optics, components, lasers, and systems enables a wide variety of applications including EV battery welding, fine processing of medical devices, additive manufacturing, high-temperature superconducting wires and tapes, and even bleaching of jeans. 
•Semiconductor Capital Equipment Market Vertical. Semiconductor capital equipment requires advanced materials to meet the need for tighter tolerances, enhanced thermal stability, faster wafer transfer speeds, and reduced stage settling times. Our metal-matrix composites and reaction-bonded ceramics enable these applications, thanks to their optimum combination of light weight, strength, hardness, and coefficient of thermal expansion. 
Our lasers are widely used in various semiconductor processes such as solid-state lasers and excimer lasers for semiconductor inspection tasks, and CO2 lasers for wafer annealing. We also offer a suite of lasers for a variety of advanced packaging applications, ranging from cutting, PCB and substrate drilling, and optical debonding to numerous laser marking tasks. 
•Display Capital Equipment Market Vertical. Our excimer laser-based annealing systems can improve precision, combining high-spatial precision and selectivity for LTPS OLED display production. Our CO2 lasers and UV ultrashort-pulsed lasers are used for cutting applications. Beyond OLED, we are offering UV and DUV laser solutions for a broad range of applications to manufacture next-generation microLED displays.
•Aerospace & Defense Market Vertical. Coherent aerospace and defense solutions enable mission-critical capabilities for applications in high-energy lasers; contested space; and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Our Aerospace & Defense division maintains separate business development, IT infrastructure, accounting, finance, engineering, and manufacturing facilities in the United States with strictly controlled access; the division is dedicated to our U.S. government-supported contracts. 
•Life Sciences Market Vertical. Within the life sciences end market, we focus on instrumentation that integrates light- and/or thermal-management solutions. We vertically integrate from the material level (with various crystals for medical laser applications, or ZnS materials for NIR and IR spectroscopy) to high-precision components, complex subassemblies, and even full subsystems. Applications within the biotechnology segment include research and diagnostic tools such as flow cytometry, genome sequencing, and PCR, to name a few. Our broad product portfolio delivers solutions covering illumination, light management, thermal management, sample loading, and detection. Visible-wavelength lasers and multicolored laser and LED engines provide low-noise, high-performance, reliable light sources. 
Medical applications comprise instrumentation that is used in the direct treatment of patients and includes medical lasers, imaging, point-of-care wearables, and thermal-based treatment solutions. Coherent semiconductor laser bars and stacks are used in applications such as hair and wrinkle removal, and femtosecond lasers combined with excimer lasers are used for common procedures like LASIK.
•Scientific Research Market Vertical. Our products include CW lasers for microscopy, advanced ultrafast-pulsed laser sources, and high-energy pulsed excimer gas lasers. These systems are sold to universities and research institutions across the globe for applications such as neuroscience and optogenetics.
•Consumer Electronics Market Vertical. We manufacture GaAs VCSELs and VCSEL arrays, InP edge-emitting lasers and photo diodes, as well as specialty glass wafers for the consumer electronics market. Our VCSEL products leverage our world-class 6-inch GaAs platform, combining our epitaxial wafer growth and wafer fabrication capabilities. Our VCSELs are also widely deployed in datacenters and HDMI optical cables as well as in vehicle steering wheels. Today, Coherent is one of the very few vertically integrated 6-inch VCSEL manufacturers with a proven track record in high-volume manufacturing of high-reliability, large multi-emitter VCSEL arrays designed for 3D sensing. We are also one of the very few companies that have shipped InP diode lasers and photodiodes in high volume for consumer electronics applications; these are also manufactured in-house. An increasing number of consumer devices are coming on the market with embedded VCSELs, including multiple smartphones and tablets, AR/VR headsets, smart watches, and household robots. 
In addition to VCSELs, our products for the consumer electronics market include wafer-scale optics, diffraction gratings, thermoelectric coolers, driver ICs, and substrates for sensing and AR/VR applications.
•Automotive Market Vertical. We are a global leader in SiC substrates for power electronics that improve the energy efficiency of electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Our industry-leading semiconductor lasers, optics, and materials can be leveraged for LiDAR systems embedded in advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) for autonomous vehicles. LiDAR sensors enable ADAS to perform functions such as emergency braking, distance warning, and adaptive cruise control. 
•Wireless Market Vertical. We are a market leader in the technology development and large-volume manufacturing of 100 mm, 150 mm, and the industry’s first 200 mm semi-insulating SiC substrates. These substrates are utilized by customers worldwide to manufacture GaN-on-SiC HEMT RF power amplifier devices that are embedded in remote radio heads in 4G and 5G wireless base stations. 
Sales and Marketing
We market our products and services through a direct sales force and through representatives and distributors around the world. Our market strategy is focused on understanding our customers’ requirements and building market awareness and acceptance of our products and services. New products are continually being developed and introduced to our new and established customers in all markets.
We have centralized our worldwide sales and strategic marketing functions. Sales offices have been aligned to best serve and distribute products to our worldwide customer base. 
Our sales force develops effective communications with our OEM and end-user customers worldwide. Products are actively marketed through key account relationships, personal selling, select advertising, attendance at trade shows, digital marketing, and customer partnerships. Our sales force includes a highly trained technical sales support team to assist customers in designing, testing, and qualifying our products as key components of our customers’ systems.
We do business with a number of customers in the aerospace and defense industry, who in turn generally contract with a governmental entity, typically a U.S. government agency. 
We had two customers who each contributed more than 10% of revenue during fiscal 2025.
Competition
Coherent is a global leader in many of its product families. We compete, in part, on our core competencies from materials to systems, our differentiated products and services, and the sustainability of our competitive advantages. We also compete by using our intellectual property, ability to scale, product quality, on-time delivery, and technical support. We believe that our vertical integration, manufacturing facilities and equipment, experienced technical and manufacturing employees, and worldwide marketing and distribution channels provide us with competitive advantages. In addition to competitors who manufacture products similar to those we produce, there are other technologies and products available that may compete with our technologies and products.
Our Strategy
Our strategy is to grow businesses with world-class lasers, optics, and engineered materials to advance our current customers’ strategies, reach new markets through innovative technologies and platforms, and enable new applications in large and growing markets. A key strategy of ours is to develop and manufacture high-performance materials and, in certain cases, components incorporating those materials, that are differentiated from those produced by our competitors. We focus on providing components that are critical to the heart of our customers’ products that serve the applications mentioned above.
We continue to grow the number and size of our key accounts. A significant portion of our business is based on sales orders with market leaders, which enables our forward planning and production efficiencies. We intend to continue capitalizing and executing on this proven model, participating effectively in the growth of the markets discussed above, and continuing our focus on operational excellence as we execute our primary business strategies.
Research and Development
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we continued to identify, invest in, and focus our R&D on new products and platform technologies for the long term growth of the Company. 
We devote significant resources to R&D programs directed at the continuous improvement of our existing products and processes, and to the timely development of new materials, technologies, platforms, and products. We believe that our R&D activities are essential to establishing and maintaining a leadership position in each of the markets we serve. In addition, certain manufacturing personnel support or participate in our R&D efforts on an ongoing basis. We believe the close interaction between the development and manufacturing functions enhances the direction of our projects, reducing costs and accelerating technology transfers. It also offers development opportunities to our employees. 
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, we focused our R&D investments in the following areas:

Datacenter &amp; Communications                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Area of Development:                                                 Our R&amp;D Investments:                                                                                                                                    
Photonics design                                                     Continue to develop and improve crystal materials, precision optical parts, and laser device components for photonics applications.                         
Datacom transceivers and components for datacom transceivers         800G/1.6T transceivers, CPO, VCSELs, EMLs, silicon photonics, ICs, isolators, and thermoelectric coolers; 400G/lane components supporting 3.2T and 6.4T.    
Optical circuit switch (OCS)                                         Develop the OCS product family for AI/ML and hyperscale datacenters based on our digital liquid-crystal technology.                                         
Coherent transceivers                                                Drive further integration to reduce size and power consumption; increase bandwidth to enable 100G/200G/400G/800G coherent transceivers.                     
Pump lasers                                                          Continue to invest in our next-generation GaAs pump laser portfolio to address evolving terrestrial and undersea markets.                                   
Advanced optics manufacturing                                        High-precision and more compact optics and automated assembly platforms and packages.                                                                       
High-power lasers and semiconductor lasers                           Increase output power and reliability of EEL diodes, VCSELs, InP lasers, and detectors for a variety of applications across our markets.                    

Industrial                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Area of Development:                         Our R&amp;D Investments:                                                                                                                                                   
Diode-pumped solid-state lasers              Continue to develop solid-state lasers for industrial applications for materials processing, instrumentation, and scientific applications.                                 
Ultrafast fiber lasers                       Continue to develop industrial femtosecond fiber lasers for semiconductor capital equipment and display manufacturing.                                                     
Femtosecond oscillators and amplifiers       Continue to develop ultrafast laser systems for scientific applications.                                                                                                   
Optically pumped semiconductor lasers        Continue to broaden the product portfolio of CW, visible, and ultraviolet OPSLs.                                                                                           
Semiconductor lasers                         Increase output power of GaAs- and InP-based edge-emitting semiconductor lasers for laser pumping, and industrial applications.                                            
Excimer lasers and excimer laser tools       Continue to support existing excimer laser-based applications in display manufacturing, instrumentation, and materials processing.                                         
CO2 lasers                                   Continue to develop CO2 lasers used in industrial applications.                                                                                                            
Laser tools                                  Continue to develop laser-based tools used for marking, cutting, and welding applications.                                                                                 
SiC epitaxial wafers                         Continuous improvement to maintain world-class, high-quality, large-diameter substrates and epitaxial wafers; develop SiC epitaxial wafers.                                
Thermoelectric materials and devices         Continue to develop leading BiTe materials for thermoelectric cooling/heating; focus on thermoelectric power-generation capability in order to introduce new products.     
R&D expenditures were $582 million, $479 million, and $500 million for the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
Import and Export Compliance
We are required to comply with all relevant import/export and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including:
•The import regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection;
•The International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) administered by the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls, which among other things impose licensing requirements on the export from the United States of certain defense articles and defense services, generally including items that are specially designed or adapted for a military application and/or listed on the United States Munitions List;
•The Export Administration Regulations (EAR) administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security, which among other things impose licensing requirements on certain dual-use goods, technology, and software; and
•The regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, implementing economic sanctions against designated countries, governments, and persons based on U.S. foreign policy and national security considerations.
Foreign governments also have similar import and export controls, sanctions, laws, and regulations. For additional discussion regarding our import, export, and sanctions compliance, see the discussion in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2025.
Trade Secrets, Patents, and Trademarks
Our use of trade secrets, proprietary know-how, trademarks, copyrights, patents, contractual confidentiality, and IP ownership provisions helps us develop and maintain our competitive position with respect to our products and manufacturing processes. We aggressively pursue process and product patents in certain areas of our businesses and in certain jurisdictions across the globe. We have entered into selective IP licensing agreements. We have confidentiality and noncompetition agreements with certain personnel. We require our U.S. employees to sign a confidentiality and noncompetition agreement upon commencement of their employment with us. As of June 30, 2025, we had a total of approximately 3,100 patents globally.
Executive Officers of the Registrant
The executive officers of the Company and their respective ages and positions as of June 30, 2025, are set forth below. Each executive officer listed has been appointed by the Board of Directors to serve until removed or until a successor is appointed and qualified.

Name                                      Age                                                       Position
Jim Anderson                               52                                        Chief Executive Officer
Giovanni Barbarossa                        62                                         Chief Strategy Officer
Sherri Luther                              60                          Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Christopher Koeppen                        53                                       Chief Innovation Officer
Julie Sheridan Eng                         58                                       Chief Technology Officer
Rob Beard                                  47         Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer &amp; Secretary
Ilaria Mocciaro                            54                                       Chief Accounting Officer
Jim Anderson was appointed Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Coherent Corp. and a member of the Board of Directors on June 3, 2024. He brings over 25 years of experience in the technology and semiconductor industries, with a strong track record in innovation-driven businesses. Prior to joining Coherent, Mr. Anderson served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Lattice Semiconductor Corporation from September 2018 to 2024. Before Lattice, he was the Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Computing and Graphics Business Group at Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD). Earlier in his career, he held various leadership roles across general management, engineering, sales, marketing, and corporate strategy at Intel, Broadcom (formerly Avago Technologies), and LSI Corporation. Mr. Anderson currently serves on the Board of Directors of Applied Materials, Inc., where he was appointed in July 2025. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Entegris, Inc., (March 2023–July 2024), the Semiconductor Industry Association (until June 2024), and Sierra Wireless (April 2020–January 2023). He also sits on the Americas Executive Board for the MIT Sloan School of Management and the U.S.-Japan Business Council. Mr. Anderson earned an MBA and Master of Science degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from Purdue University, and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Minnesota. 
Giovanni Barbarossa joined Coherent Corp. in 2012 and has been the Chief Strategy Officer of the Company since 2019. From 2019 to 2025, he was also President of the former Materials Segment. From 2012 to 2019, Dr. Barbarossa was the Chief Technology Officer of the Company and President of the former Laser Solutions Segment. Previously, Dr. Barbarossa was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Avanex Corporation until its merger with Bookham plc. into Oclaro, Inc., of which he was a member of the Board of Directors from 2009 to 2012. Before joining Avanex pre-IPO, Dr. Barbarossa had management responsibilities at British Telecom Labs, AT&T Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies, and Hewlett-Packard. Dr. Barbarossa holds 118 U.S. patents and has published over 100 papers. He graduated cum laude from the University of Bari, Italy, with a B.S. in electrical engineering, and has a Ph.D. in photonics from the University of Glasgow, U.K.
Sherri Luther was named Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of Coherent Corp. in September 2024. Ms. Luther joined Coherent from Lattice Semiconductor, where she had been CFO since 2019. Prior to Lattice, Ms. Luther worked at Coherent, Inc., for 16 years, including as Corporate Vice President of Finance. Ms. Luther has more than 30 years of strategic and financial operations experience, with expertise in financial reporting, forecasting, internal audit, M&A, treasury, investor relations, operations, and global supply chain management. Previously, Ms. Luther held senior finance and accounting roles at companies including Quantum, Ultra Network Technologies, and Arthur Andersen. Ms. Luther is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and graduated from the Executive MBA Program at Stanford University Graduate School of Business. She holds a bachelor's degree in business administration, with a dual major in accounting and finance, from Wright State University. She serves on the Board of Directors of Silicon Labs and is also NACD (National Association of Corporate Directors) Directorship Certified.
Christopher Koeppen joined Coherent Corp. in 2011 via the acquisition of Aegis Lightwave, Inc., where he served as General Manager, Aegis-NJ. He was named General Manager of the Company’s Agile Network Products Division in 2012 and Director of Corporate Strategic Technology Planning in 2015. Dr. Koeppen then served as Vice President of the Industrial Laser Group and Corporate Strategic Technology Planning from 2017 until his appointment as Chief Technology Officer in 2019. He became Senior Vice President, Aerospace & Defense, and Chief Innovation Officer in 2022 and was named Executive Vice President of Aerospace & Defense in 2025. Previously, Dr. Koeppen was co-founder and CEO of CardinalPoint Optics, prior to its acquisition by Aegis Lightwave. He has more than two decades of progressively increasing general and technology management experience in high-tech companies, including at Meriton Networks, Mahi Networks, Photuris, and Lucent Technologies. Dr. Koeppen holds a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Pennsylvania, where he was an AT&T Bell Laboratories Scholar, and B.S. degrees in physics and mathematics from the Pennsylvania State University.
Julie Sheridan Eng was named Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”) of Coherent in 2022. Prior to becoming CTO, Dr. Eng served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Optoelectronic Devices and Modules Business Unit. In that role, she oversaw engineering, product management, and operations for GaAs vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers (VCSELs), InP directly modulated lasers (DMLs) and detectors, and CMOS/BiCMOS integrated circuits for datacom and 3D sensing applications. Before Coherent, Dr. Eng held various senior management positions at Finisar Corporation, including Executive Vice President and General Manager of 3D Sensing, and Executive Vice President of Datacom Engineering. Over the 15 years that she managed datacom transceiver engineering, her teams production-released hundreds of fiber-optic transceiver products and achieved numerous industry firsts. Dr. Eng began her career at AT&T Bell Laboratories/Lucent/Agere, where she led the development of laser-based datacom transceivers. Dr. Eng is a Past Chair of the IEEE Committee on Women in Engineering and currently serves on the Board of Directors of Optica (formerly the Optical Society of America). She has published over a dozen papers, co-authored a book chapter, holds six U.S. patents, and has given numerous invited talks. In 2022, she was named an Optica Fellow for distinguished contributions to the advancement of optics and photonics, and in 2025 she was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. Dr. Eng holds a B.A. degree summa cum laude in physics from Bryn Mawr College and a B.S. degree in electrical engineering with honors from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). She earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University.
Rob Beard brings more than 20 years of senior international experience across the business, policy, and legal worlds to his role as Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer for Coherent Corp. Mr. Beard joined Coherent in 2024 from Mastercard, where he was Chief Legal and Global Affairs Officer. While at Mastercard, he led the company’s global legal, government affairs, and policy teams, and served on Mastercard’s Management Committee. Mr. Beard came to Mastercard after a nearly decade-long tenure at Micron Technology, during which time he held various roles on the legal team and ultimately served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. While at Micron, he played a key role in promoting the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act and in negotiating an incentive package from the state of New York for Micron’s announced $100 billion semiconductor manufacturing facility to be built in the Syracuse area. After clerking on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, Mr. Beard began his corporate legal career as an associate in Shearman & Sterling LLP’s London office, before moving to Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP. He graduated from the University of Utah and received his Juris Doctor from the University of Illinois College of Law, summa cum laude. Mr. Beard has also taught in the University of Illinois Communications Department, at the University of Illinois College of Law, and at the S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah.
Ilaria Mocciaro is a seasoned finance executive and active Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in Illinois with over 27 years of experience across public and corporate accounting. She has held senior leadership roles at multiple Fortune 500 companies, overseeing global finance functions including accounting, tax, treasury, SEC reporting, and financial systems. Ms. Mocciaro is currently the Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller for Coherent Corp. She joined Coherent in 2023 from CDW, where she was Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Controller from 2020 to 2022. From 2016 to 2020, she was Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Global Controller at Anixter International Inc., where she helped close the sale of Anixter to Wesco. From 2011 to 2016, Ms. Mocciaro was the Chief Accounting Officer of the agricultural and construction equipment segments at CNH Industrial N.V., after serving as Director of Accounting and Reporting. She led Internal Audit at McMaster-Carr Supply Company from 2010 to 2011 and previously held several management positions at Ernst & Young LLP in Chicago and Milan, Italy, from 1997 to 2010. Ms. Mocciaro holds a B.A. degree in accounting and business administration from the Catholic University of the Sacred Heart (Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore) in Milan. 
Availability of Information
Our internet address is www.coherent.com. Information contained on our website is not part of, and should not be construed as being incorporated by reference into, this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K. We post the following reports on our website as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC: our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In addition, we post our proxy statements on Schedule 14A related to our annual shareholders’ meetings as well as reports filed by our directors, officers, and 10% beneficial owners pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, all filings are available via the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov). We also make our corporate governance documents available on our website, including the Company’s Code of Ethical Business Conduct, Governance Guidelines, and the charters for our board committees. All such documents are located on the Investors page of our website and are available free of charge.
PART II
Item 7.        MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is designed to provide a reader of Coherent’s financial statements with a narrative from the perspective of management. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this report. Coherent’s MD&A is presented in the following sections:
•Overview
•Trends and Other Matters Affecting our Business
•Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
•Fiscal Year 2025 Compared to Fiscal Year 2024
•Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023
•Liquidity and Capital Resources
•Off Balance Sheet Arrangements
Forward-looking statements in Item 7 may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those projected (refer to Item 1A “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 filed on August 15, 2025 for discussion of these risks and uncertainties, which are incorporated herein by reference).
Overview
For an overview of our business, see Part I - Item 1. Business - General Description of Business in this Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Trends and Other Matters Affecting our Business
Industry Conditions
Throughout fiscal 2025, we experienced stronger demand in our Communications market. The increase in the number of hyperscale and other cloud customers building AI datacenters and in the number and size of their AI datacenter buildouts drove demand for our datacenter transceivers. Strong demand for our new ZR/ZR+ transceiver products along with growing demand for traditional telecom transport products drove increased volumes for our telecom and other communications solutions. 
Additionally, within our Industrial market, we were able to grow our industrial lasers products and services revenue in the face of relatively weak overall industrial end demand. Our revenue growth in these portions of the Industrial market is a result of our focus on higher demand applications within the Industrial market, including display and semiconductor capital equipment. 
Restructuring Plans 
2023 Plan
On May 23, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the 2023 Plan which includes site consolidations, facilities moves and closures, as well as the relocation and requalification of certain manufacturing facilities. These restructuring actions were intended to realign our cost structure as part of a transformation to a simpler, more streamlined, resilient and sustainable business model. 
In fiscal 2025, these activities resulted in charges of $53 million, primarily for impairment losses associated with the sale of our Newton Aycliffe business, impairment of right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, employee termination costs, site move costs and accelerated depreciation. In fiscal 2024, these activities resulted in charges of $27 million, primarily for accelerated depreciation, the write-off of property and equipment, and site move costs. In fiscal 2023, these activities resulted in $119 million of charges primarily for employee termination costs, and the write-off of property and equipment, net of $65 million from reimbursement arrangements. See Note 20. Restructuring Plans to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
2025 Plan
Commencing in the quarter ended March 31, 2025, and as part of the ongoing strategic review of the Company’s business, the Company’s management approved the 2025 Plan to take a number of restructuring actions, including site consolidations, facilities moves and closures, workforce reductions, contract terminations, and certain other associated cost reductions. 
In fiscal 2025, these activities resulted in $107 million of charges primarily for the write-off of property and equipment and ROU assets, employee and contract termination costs. We expect the restructuring actions to be substantially completed by the 
end of fiscal 2026. However, the actual timing and costs associated with these restructuring actions may differ from our current expectations and estimates and such differences may be material.
Synergy and Site Consolidation Plan
On May 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had accelerated some of the actions planned as part of its multi-year synergy and site consolidation efforts following the acquisition of Coherent, Inc., including site consolidations and relocations to lower cost sites. These relocations and other actions resulted in the Company achieving its previously announced $250 million synergy plan, which included savings from supply chain management, internal supply of enabling materials and components, operational efficiencies in all functions due to scale, global functional model efficiencies and consolidation of corporate costs. In fiscal 2025, the acceleration of these activities resulted in $17 million of charges primarily for overlapping labor related to transition of manufacturing operations to other sites, shut down costs and employee termination costs. In fiscal 2024, the acceleration of these activities resulted in $40 million of charges primarily for overlapping labor related to transition of manufacturing operations to other sites, shut down costs for sites being exited, accelerated depreciation and employee termination costs. In fiscal 2023, the acceleration of these activities resulted in $20 million in charges primarily for employee termination costs, the write-off of inventory for products that have been exited and shut down costs. 
Impairment of Assets Held-for-Sale
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, management entered into non-binding agreements to sell several entities. As a result of classifying these entities as held-for-sale, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $85 million to Impairment of assets held-for-sale in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 to reduce our carrying value in these entities to fair value. See Note 21. Assets Held-for-Sale to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Macroeconomic Conditions - Tariffs
In early 2025, the United States implemented significant new tariffs on foreign imports impacting multiple countries, commodities and industries, and these new tariffs and export restrictions also prompted retaliatory tariffs and export restrictions from certain countries. As of June 2025, certain tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been delayed, but a number of the new tariffs remain in effect, including significant tariffs and trade sanctions between the United States and China. China has also restricted the export of certain rare earth minerals which are used in our products.
These tariffs, trade sanctions, and/or restrictions on the export of certain rare earth minerals which are used in our products did not have a material impact on our business, financial condition, operational results and/or cash flows in fiscal 2025 nor do we expect them to have a material impact on our business, financial condition, operational results and/or cash flows in fiscal 2026.
As a global company with a substantial and diversified manufacturing footprint our diverse manufacturing footprint provides us with some insulation against these tariffs, trade sanctions, and other geopolitical challenges. Our geographically diverse supply chain combined with the internal production of many of our most critical technology in-feeds provides adaptability and optionality that benefits our customers. As the tariff, trade sanctions, and export restrictions become more clear, we expect these attributes will enable us to find opportunities to moderate their impact. However, we are in a dynamic geopolitical environment, and we are not immune to any sustained disruption in global trade conditions which may create future headwinds for the Company and could result in revenue reduction, cost increases on material used in our products or significant production delays, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operational results and cash flows. 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, describes the significant accounting policies and accounting methods used in the preparation of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Management has discussed the development and selection of the critical accounting policies and estimates described below with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed the related disclosure. In addition, there are other items within our Consolidated Financial Statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could impact the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Goodwill
We test goodwill for impairment annually, and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. The determination of whether goodwill is impaired requires us to make judgments based on long-term projections of future performance. Estimates of fair value are based on our projection of revenues, operating costs and cash flows of each reporting unit, considering historical and anticipated results and general economic and market conditions and their projections. For fiscal year 2025, we performed a quantitative assessment. The fair values of the reporting units were determined using a discounted cash flow analysis with projected financial information based on our most recently completed long-term strategic planning processes and also considers the current financial performance compared to our prior projections of the reporting units, as well as a market analysis. Determination of the fair value requires discretion and the use of estimates by management. If actual results are not consistent with management’s estimates and assumptions, a material goodwill impairment charge could occur, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
Due to the cyclical nature of our business, and the other factors described in the section on Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2025, the profitability of our individual reporting units may periodically be affected by downturns in customer demand, operational challenges and other factors. If material adverse conditions occur that impact one or more of our reporting units, our determination of future fair value might not support the carrying amount of one or more of our reporting units, and the related goodwill would need to be impaired. We will continue to monitor any changes to our assumptions and will evaluate goodwill as deemed warranted during future periods. 
Income Taxes
The Company prepares and files tax returns based on its interpretation of tax laws and regulations and records estimates based on these judgments and interpretations. In the normal course of business, the Company’s tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities, which may result in future tax, interest and penalty assessments by these authorities. The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted for changes in facts and circumstances. For example, adjustments could result from significant amendments to existing tax law and the issuance of regulations or interpretations by the taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of an examination. The Company believes that its estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examinations of its tax returns. The Company recognizes both accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
Management evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets for each jurisdiction in which it operates. If the Company experiences cumulative pretax income in a particular jurisdiction in a three-year period including the current and prior two years, management normally concludes that the income tax assets will more likely than not be realizable and no valuation allowance is recognized, unless known or planned operating developments, or changes in tax laws, would lead management to conclude otherwise. However, if the Company experiences cumulative pretax losses in a particular jurisdiction in a three-year period, management then considers a series of factors in the determination of whether the deferred tax assets can be realized. The Company has recorded valuation allowances against certain of its deferred tax assets, primarily those that have been generated from net operating losses in certain foreign taxing jurisdictions and acquired U.S. carryforwards. In evaluating whether the Company would more likely than not recover these deferred tax assets, it has not assumed any future taxable income or tax planning strategies in the jurisdictions associated with these carryforwards where history does not support such an assumption. Implementation of tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or future income generation in these jurisdictions could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense.
The OECD, a global policy forum, introduced a framework to implement a global minimum tax of 15% which would apply to multinational corporations, referred to as Pillar Two. Nearly all OECD member jurisdictions have agreed in principle to adopt these provisions and numerous jurisdictions have enacted legislation, including jurisdictions where the Company operates, with a subset of the rules becoming effective for our fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2024, and the remaining rules becoming effective for our fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2025, or in later periods. The Company is continuing to analyze the Pillar Two rules as countries implement additional legislation. Implementation of the OECD proposal may have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements in the future.
Fiscal Year 2025 Compared to Fiscal Year 2024
The Company reports its financial results in the following two designated segments: (i) Datacenter & Communications, and (ii) Industrial. The Company is reporting financial information (revenue through segment profit) for these reporting segments in this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K. 
The following table sets forth select items from our Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 ($ in millions except per share information) (1):

                                                                                      Year Ended June 30, 2025                                Year Ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                                          % of                                                    % of
                                                                                                      Revenues                                                Revenues
Total revenues                                                       $5,810                           100    %               $4,708                           100    %
Cost of goods sold                                                    3,767                            65                     3,252                            69     
Gross margin                                                          2,043                            35                     1,456                            31     
Operating expenses:                                                                                                                                                   
Research and development                                                582                            10                       479                            10     
Selling, general and administrative                                     926                            16                       854                            18     
Restructuring charges                                                   160                             3                        27                             1     
Impairment of assets held-for-sale                                       85                             1                         —                             —     
Interest and other, net                                                 196                             3                       244                             5     
Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                      94                             2                     (148)                           (3)     
Income tax expense                                                       64                             1                        11                             —     
Net earnings (loss)                                                      30                             1                     (159)                           (3)     
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                      (19)                             —                       (3)                             —     
Net earnings (loss) attributable to Coherent Corp.                      $49                             1    %               $(156)                           (3)    %
Diluted earnings (loss) per share                                   $(0.52)                                                 $(1.84)                                   
(1) Some amounts may not add due to rounding.
Consolidated
Revenues. Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2025 increased 23% to $5,810 million, compared to $4,708 million for the prior fiscal year. 
Revenues increased $1,124 million, or 43%, in the Datacenter & Communications market, with increases in datacom driven primarily by ongoing strong AI datacenter demand and growth in our telecom revenue due to higher demand in the data center interconnect and the telecom transport markets. In our Industrial market, revenue decreased $21 million, or 1%. Within this market, revenue growth in display capital equipment and in semiconductor capital equipment volumes was more than offset by soft demand due to the macroeconomic environment in broad-based industrial end markets, including decreases in demand in our Silicon Carbide business, which was consistent with softer end market demand in the automotive market.
Gross margin. Gross margin for the year ended June 30, 2025 was $2,043 million, or 35%, of total revenues, compared to $1,456 million, or 31% of total revenues, for fiscal 2024, an increase of 424 basis points. The increase as a percent of revenue for fiscal 2025 was primarily due to higher revenue volume particularly in the communications market in the Datacenter & Communications segment, improvements in both pricing optimization and cost reductions, partially offset by unfavorable mix and foreign exchange impacts. Cost reductions included both lower manufacturing costs and improvements in manufacturing yields.
Research and development. Research and development (“R&D”) expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 were $582 million, or 10% of revenues, compared to $479 million, or 10% of revenues, last fiscal year. The increase of $103 million for fiscal 2025 was primarily related to continued investment in our product portfolios, particularly in datacom. We continue to focus on investing our R&D in those projects with the highest return-on-investment. 
Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the year ended June 30, 2025 were $926 million, or 16% of revenues, compared to $854 million, or 18% of revenues, last fiscal year. The decrease in SG&A as a percentage of revenue for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 was primarily the result of higher sales volumes and lower executive transition costs partially offset by the impact of higher variable and share-based compensation.
Restructuring charges. Restructuring charges for the year ended June 30, 2025 were $160 million, or 3% of revenues. The restructuring charges consisted primarily of asset write-offs, employee termination costs, move costs, contract termination costs and accelerated depreciation due to the consolidation and closure of certain manufacturing sites as well as impairment losses associated with the sale of our Newton Aycliffe business. Restructuring charges related to our 2023 Restructuring Plan for the year ended June 30, 2024 were $27 million, or 1% of revenues, and consisted primarily of severance, accelerated depreciation, equipment write-offs and move costs due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites. See Note 20. Restructuring Plans to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Impairment of assets held-for-sale. Impairment of assets held-for-sale for the year ended June 30, 2025 were $85 million, or 1% of revenues and represented non-cash impairment charges to reduce our carrying value in entities held-for-sale at June 30, 2025 to fair value. See Note 21. Assets Held-for-Sale to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Interest and other, net. Interest and other, net for the year ended June 30, 2025 was expense of $196 million compared to expense of $244 million last fiscal year, a decrease of $48 million. Included in Interest and other, net, were interest expense on borrowings, foreign currency gains and losses, amortization of debt issuance costs, equity gains and losses from unconsolidated investments, interest and dividend income on excess cash balances and income from an insurance settlement. The decrease of $48 million in comparison to fiscal 2024 was driven by driven by $45 million lower interest expense, $8 million higher interest income and $8 million higher income from insurance settlements partially offset by $19 million higher foreign exchange net losses. The $45 million lower interest expense was primarily due to lower interest expense on our New Term B Loans resulting from lower balances and lower interest rates partially offset by lower interest expense benefit from our interest rate cap and swap. The $8 million higher interest and dividend income is primarily due to increases in interest rates earned on investments as well as the increase in average restricted cash balances due to the timing of receipt from our investment in Silicon Carbide LLC in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. The $19 million higher foreign exchange net losses were primarily due to higher volatility of exchange rates, particularly the Euro, during fiscal 2025 in addition to the cessation of our balance sheet hedging program at the end of September 2024. 
Income taxes. Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2025 was 68%, compared to an effective tax rate of (8)% last fiscal year. The difference between our effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 21% was due to tax rate differentials between U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal 2025 rate was impacted by the classification of assets held for sale and an increase in the U.S. valuation allowance.
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended June 30, 2025 was $19 million, compared to $3 million last fiscal year and represents the noncontrolling interest holders’ shares of losses of Silicon Carbide LLC. See Note 11. Noncontrolling Interests to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Segment Reporting
Revenues and segment profit for the Company’s reportable segments are discussed below. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025 as a result of a new CEO joining the Company in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) implemented changes in the measure he uses to allocate resources and assess performance. Our CODM now evaluates each segment’s performance and allocates resources based on segment revenue and segment profit, instead of operating income, as our CODM believes segment profit is a more comprehensive profitability measure for each operating segment. Segment profit includes operating expenses directly managed by operating segments, including research and development, direct sales, marketing and administrative expenses. Segment profit does not include share-based compensation, acquisition or integration related costs, amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring charges, impairment charges on assets held-for-sale, gain on sale of businesses and certain other charges. Additionally, we do not allocate Corporate strategic research and development, strategic marketing and sales expenses and shared general and administrative expenses, as these expenses are not directly attributable to our operating segments. Management believes segment profit to be a useful measure for investors, as it reflects the results of segment performance over which management has direct control and is used by management in its evaluation of segment performance. See Note 14. Segment and Geographic Reporting to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information on the Company’s reportable segments and for the reconciliation of the Company’s segment profit to earnings (loss) before income taxes, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Effective July 1, 2025, we realigned our organizational structure and identified multiple operating segments which have been aggregated into two reportable segments based on our internal management structure and CODM oversight: (i) Datacenter & Communications, and (ii) Industrial. The change in our operating segments had no impact on our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. The change in our operating segment measure in fiscal 2025 had no impact on our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Comparative prior year segment information has been recast to reflect these changes.
Datacenter & Communications ($ in millions)
                                                             Year Ended                 % Increase
                                                               June 30,                           
                     2025                     2024                                                
Revenues                         $3,755                      $2,631                       43     %
Segment profit                     $904                        $500                       81     %
Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2025 for Datacenter & Communications increased 43% to $3,755 million, compared to $2,631 million for last fiscal year. The increase in revenues of $1,124 million during fiscal 2025 was primarily due to increased AI datacenter related revenue in our Datacenter & Communications market resulting from increased volumes in the datacom vertical and growth in the telecom vertical due to increased demand in data center interconnect and the telecom transport market.
Segment profit for the year ended June 30, 2025 for Datacenter & Communications increased 81% to $904 million, compared to segment profit of $500 million last fiscal year. The increase in segment profit for fiscal 2025 was driven by $1,124 million higher revenues partially offset by higher R&D investments in our product portfolio.
Industrial ($ in millions)

                                                             Year Ended                  % Increase (Decrease)
                                                               June 30,                                       
                     2025                     2024                                                            
Revenues                         $2,055                      $2,076                              (1)         %
Segment profit                     $407                        $298       37                                 %
Revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 for Industrial decreased 1% to $2,055 million, compared to revenues of $2,076 million last fiscal year. The decrease in revenues during the current fiscal year was primarily related to weak automotive and Silicon Carbide end market demand and macroeconomic conditions in the industrial market, partially offset by $73 million higher shipments of laser systems in our display capital equipment market.
Segment profit for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 for Industrial increased 37%, with segment profit of $407 million in the current year, compared to segment profit of $298 million last fiscal year. The increase in segment profit during the current fiscal year was primarily driven by favorable product mix, improvements in pricing optimization, lower manufacturing costs and lower SG&A expenses, partially offset by higher R&D investments in our product portfolio and higher variable compensation. 
Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023
The following table sets forth select items from our Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 ($ in millions except per share information) (1):

                                                                                                Year Ended                                          Year Ended
                                                                                             June 30, 2024                                       June 30, 2023
                                                                                                      % of                                                % of
                                                                                                  Revenues                                            Revenues
Total revenues                                                       $4,708                       100    %               $5,160                       100    %
Cost of goods sold                                                    3,252                        69                     3,542                        69     
Gross margin                                                          1,456                        31                     1,618                        31     
Operating expenses:                                                                                                                                           
Research and development                                                479                        10                       500                        10     
Selling, general and administrative                                     854                        18                     1,037                        20     
Restructuring charges                                                    27                         1                       119                         2     
Interest and other, net                                                 244                         5                       318                         6     
Loss before income taxes                                              (148)                       (3)                     (356)                       (7)     
Income tax expense (benefit)                                             11                         —                      (96)                       (2)     
Net loss                                                              (159)                       (3)                     (259)                       (5)     
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                       (3)                         —                         —                         —     
Net loss attributable to Coherent Corp.                              $(156)                       (3)    %               $(259)                       (5)    %
Diluted loss per share                                              $(1.84)                                             $(2.93)                               
(1) Some amounts may not add due to rounding.
Consolidated
Revenues. Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2024 decreased 9% to $4,708 million, compared to $5,160 million for fiscal 2023. 
Revenues decreased in both markets, with the largest decline, $335 million, or 11%, in the Datacenter & Communications market, primarily due to decreased volumes in the telecom vertical as our communications service provider customers continued to work down their inventory levels with reduced capital spending, partially offset by increased shipments in the datacom vertical driven by increased AI-related datacom shipments. In addition, revenues decreased $117 million, or 5%, in the Industrial market primarily from lower demand for sensing products and other consumer applications in the consumer electronics vertical, largely due to a design change implemented by a significant electronics customer, and due to lower demand in the life sciences, precision manufacturing and semiconductor and display capital equipment verticals primarily due to macroeconomic conditions. 
Gross margin. Gross margin for the year ended June 30, 2024 was $1,456 million, or 31%, of total revenues, compared to $1,618 million, or 31% of total revenues, for fiscal 2023, a slight decrease of 43 basis points. During fiscal 2023, the Company recorded $158 million in Cost of goods sold related to the fair value adjustment on acquired inventory from the acquisition of Coherent, Inc. (“Merger”). Gross margin, excluding the fair value adjustment on acquired inventory, decreased 349 basis points for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 primarily due to lower revenues, less favorable sales mix especially in the datacom vertical in the Datacenter & Communications market, underutilized operating capacity in several plants, shut down costs related to site consolidations, lower yields in the datacom vertical, higher costs related to product lines that are being exited, higher inventory provisions and the unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
Research and development. R&D expenses for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 were $479 million, or 10% of revenues, compared to $500 million, or 10% of revenues, for fiscal 2023. The decrease of $21 million for fiscal 2024 is due to both segments and was driven by lower costs due to the consolidation of sites and our efforts to control costs. The R&D expenses are primarily related to our continued investment in new products and platform technologies in an effort to accelerate our organic growth across all of our businesses, including significant investments in datacom transceivers for AI, indium phosphide and gallium arsenide semiconductor lasers, silicon carbide materials, and lasers for display processing, semiconductor capital equipment, and instrumentation.
Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024 were $854 million, or 18% of revenues, compared to $1,037 million, or 20% of revenues, for fiscal 2023. The decrease in SG&A as a percentage of revenue for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was primarily the result of lower amortization 
expense of $117 million resulting from (1) the Merger, as backlog intangibles were fully amortized in fiscal 2023, (2) lower amortization for tradenames impaired in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, and (3) $31 million charges for impairment of certain tradename and customer list intangibles assets in fiscal 2023. In addition, SG&A decreased due to lower charges related to the Merger, including $39 million lower transaction fees and financing, and lower one-time expense of $18 million related to share-based compensation resulting from the Merger, as well as lower costs due to the consolidation of sites and our efforts to control costs, partially offset by the impact of lower revenues.
Restructuring Charges. Restructuring charges related to our 2023 Plan for the year ended June 30, 2024 were $27 million, or 1% of revenues, and consist primarily of accelerated depreciation, equipment write-offs and move costs due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites. Restructuring charges related to our 2023 Plan for the year ended June 30, 2023 were $119 million, or 2% of revenues, and consisted of severance and equipment write-offs, net of reimbursements, due to the consolidation of certain manufacturing sites. See Note 20. Restructuring Plans to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Interest and other, net. Interest and other, net for the year ended June 30, 2024 was expense of $244 million compared to expense of $318 million for fiscal 2023, a decrease of $75 million. Included in Interest and other, net, were interest expense on borrowings, Merger financing fees (fiscal 2023), foreign currency gains and losses, amortization of debt issuance costs, equity gains and losses from unconsolidated investments, and interest income on excess cash balances. The decrease of $75 million in comparison to fiscal 2023 was driven by driven by $39 million incremental interest and dividend income due to increases in interest and dividend rates earned on investments, as well as the increase in restricted cash balances and $35 million incurred in the prior year related to financing of the Merger. In addition, interest expense increased $2 million due to higher interest rates on our Term facilities, net of higher benefit from our interest rate cap and swap. 
Income taxes. Our effective income tax rate for fiscal 2024 was (8)%, compared to an effective tax rate of 27% for fiscal 2023. The difference between our effective tax rate and the U.S. statutory rate of 21% was due to the establishment of a valuation allowance related to certain US deferred tax assets.
Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended June 30, 2024 was $3 million, and represents the noncontrolling interest holders’ shares of losses of Silicon Carbide LLC after the close of the transaction on December 4, 2023. See Note 11. Noncontrolling Interests to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information.
Segment Reporting
For a discussion of revenues and segment profit measures, refer to our disclosure under “Segment Reporting” within “Fiscal Year 2025 Compared to Fiscal Year 2024” above.
Comparative prior year segment information has been recast to conform to the new segments, including the fiscal 2025 new segment profitability measure. The change in our operating segments, including segment profitability measure, had no impact on our previously reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.
Datacenter & Communications ($ in millions)

                                                             Year Ended              %
                                                               June 30,       Decrease
                     2024                     2023                                    
Revenues                         $2,631                      $2,966          (11)    %
Segment profit                     $500                        $704          (29)    %
Revenues for the year ended June 30, 2024 for Datacenter & Communications decreased 11% to $2,631 million, compared to $2,966 million for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in revenues of $335 million during fiscal 2024 was primarily due to decreased volumes year-over-year in the telecom vertical as our communications service provider customers continue to work down their inventory levels with reduced capital spending, partially offset by increases in the datacom vertical driven by increased AI-related datacom transceivers shipments, both within the Datacenter & Communications market.
Segment profit for the year ended June 30, 2024 for Datacenter & Communications decreased 29% to $500 million, compared to segment profit of $704 million for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in segment profit for fiscal 2024 was driven by $335 million lower revenues and lower margin percentage. The margin percentage was lower than fiscal 2023 due to less favorable sales mix in the datacom vertical, the impact of fixed manufacturing costs as a percentage of revenues on lower revenues in the telecom vertical, lower yields in the datacom vertical and higher inventory provisions related to products that are being exited. 
Industrial ($ in millions)

                                                             Year Ended              %
                                                               June 30,       Decrease
                     2024                     2023                                    
Revenues                         $2,076                      $2,194           (5)    %
Segment profit                     $298                        $407          (27)    %
Revenues for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 for Industrial decreased 5% to $2,076 million, compared to revenues of $2,194 million for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in revenues during fiscal 2024 was primarily from lower volumes in the consumer electronics vertical, largely due to a design change implemented by a significant electronics customer, decreased volumes in the life sciences vertical from continued inventory digestion by our customers and decreased shipments in the precision manufacturing vertical primarily due to macroeconomic conditions. Revenues also decreased due to lower demand in the semiconductor and display capital equipment verticals.
Segment profit for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 for Industrial decreased 27%, with segment profit of $298 million in fiscal 2023, compared to segment profit of $407 million for fiscal year 2023. The decrease in segment profit during fiscal 2024 was driven by $117 million lower revenues as well as lower gross margin percentage due to less favorable mix, higher costs for sites being shutdown and higher inventory provisions.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Historically, our primary sources of cash have been provided from operations, long-term borrowings, and advance funding from customers. Other sources of cash include proceeds from the issuance of equity, proceeds received from the exercises of stock options, and sale of equity investments and businesses. Our historic uses of cash have been for business acquisitions, capital expenditures, investments in research and development, payments of principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, payments of debt and equity issuance costs to obtain financing and payments in satisfaction of employees’ minimum tax obligations. Supplemental information pertaining to our sources and uses of cash for the periods indicated is presented as follows:
Sources (uses) of cash (in millions):
Year Ended June 30,                                                                                                     2025                  2024                    2023
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                            $634                  $546                    $634   
Net proceeds from debt and equity issuances, including noncontrolling interest holders                                  —                   968                   1,358   
Proceeds from exercises of stock options and purchases of stock under employee stock purchase plan                     50                    42                      24   
Proceeds from long-term borrowings and revolving credit facilities                                                     54                    19                   3,715   
Proceeds from the sale of business                                                                                     27                     —                       —   
Payments on Convertible Debt and Finisar Notes                                                                          —                     —                     (4)   
Cash paid for dividends                                                                                              (11)                     —                    (28)   
Debt issuance costs                                                                                                     —                     —                   (127)   
Purchases of businesses, net of cash acquired                                                                           —                     —                 (5,489)   
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and other items                                           76                   (1)                     (4)   
Other investing and financing                                                                                         (1)                   (5)                     (5)   
Payments in satisfaction of employees’ minimum tax obligations                                                       (54)                  (22)                    (54)   
Payments on existing debt and revolving credit facilities                                                           (489)                 (248)                 (1,330)   
Additions to property, plant &amp; equipment                                                                        (441)                 (347)                   (436)   
Net cash provided by operating activities:
Net cash provided by operating activities was $634 million during the current fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 compared to $546 million of cash provided by operating activities during the same period last fiscal year. The increase in cash flows provided by operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2025 compared to the same period last fiscal year was primarily due to higher earnings partially offset by increases in accounts receivables and inventories as a result of higher revenues.
Net cash provided by operating activities was $546 million and $634 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in cash flows provided by operating activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily due to lower non-cash adjustments partially offset by lower losses.
Net cash used in investing activities:
Net cash used in investing activities was $414 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, compared to net cash used of $351 million for the same period last fiscal year. Higher cash used to fund capital expenditures of $94 million year-over-year was partially offset by $27 million cash received from the sale of a business. 
Net cash used in investing activities was $0.4 billion and $5.9 billion for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In fiscal 2023, $5.5 billion was used to fund the Merger. Cash used to fund capital expenditures decreased by $89 million during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 compared to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023.
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities:
Net cash used in financing activities was $452 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $758 million for the same period last fiscal year. Cash outflows for the current fiscal year were primarily payments on existing debt. Financing inflows in the prior year included the $1.0 billion contribution from noncontrolling interests and proceeds from employee stock purchases, partially offset by payments on existing debt and equity issuance costs related to the contribution from noncontrolling interests. 
Net cash provided by financing activities was $758 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $3,554 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. Financing inflows in fiscal 2024 included the $1.0 billion contribution from noncontrolling interests and proceeds from employee stock purchases, partially offset by payments on existing debt and equity issuance costs related to the contribution from noncontrolling interests. Cash inflows for fiscal 2023 were from borrowings under the New Term Facilities, defined below, as well the net proceeds from the issuance of Coherent’s Series B-2 Convertible Preferred Stock. Financing outflows included payments to settle the Company’s existing senior credit facilities.
Senior Credit Facilities
On July 1, 2022, Coherent entered into a Credit Agreement by and among the Company, the lenders, and other parties thereto, and JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provides for senior secured financing of $4.0 billion, consisting of a term loan A credit facility (the “Term A Facility”), with an aggregate principal amount of $850 million, a term loan B credit facility (the “Term B Facility” and, together with the Term A Facility, the “Term Facilities”), with an aggregate principal amount of $2,800 million, and a revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility” and, together with the Term Facilities, the “Senior Credit Facilities”), in an aggregate available amount of $350 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to $50 million. On March 31, 2023, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, which replaced the adjusted LIBOR-based rate of interest therein with an adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) based rate of interest. As amended, the Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility each bear interest at an adjusted SOFR rate subject to a 0.10% floor plus a range of 1.75% to 2.50%, based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio. The Term A Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings bear interest at adjusted SOFR plus 1.85% as of June 30, 2025. On April 2, 2024, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, under which the principal amount of term B loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement (the “Existing Term B Loans”) were replaced with an equal amount of new term loans (the “New Term B Loans”) having substantially similar terms as the Existing Term B Loans, except with respect to the interest rate applicable to the New Term B Loans and certain other provisions. On January 2, 2025, Coherent entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, under which the principal amount of the New Term B Loans were replaced with an equal amount of new term loans (the “New Term B-2 Loans”) having substantially similar terms as the New Term B Loans, except with respect to the interest rate applicable to the New Term B-2 Loans and certain other provisions. As further amended, the New Term B-2 Loans bear interest at a SOFR rate (subject to a 0.50% floor) plus 2.00% as of June 30, 2025. The maturity of the New Term B-2 Loans and revolving credit facility remains unchanged. In relation to the Term Facilities, the Company incurred expense of $192 million for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, which is included in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (Loss). On July 1, 2023, our interest rate cap became effective, which together with our interest rate swap (through September 30, 2024), reduced interest expense by $32 million during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025.
During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025, the Company made payments of $433 million for the Term Facilities, including voluntary prepayments of $400 million. 
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
Weighted Average Interest Rate
The weighted average interest rate of total borrowings was 6% and 7% for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Our cash position, borrowing capacity and debt obligations are as follows (in millions):

                                                                                   June 30, 2025                 June 30, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents                                                            $909                          $926       
Restricted cash, current                                                                9                           174       
Restricted cash, non-current                                                          715                           690       
Available borrowing capacity under Revolving Credit Facility                          315                           346       
Total debt obligations                                                              3,687                         4,100       
Other Liquidity
On December 4, 2023, the Company completed two investment agreements under which Silicon Carbide LLC, a Company subsidiary, received $1.0 billion cash in exchange for 25% of the equity of that entity. Such funds have and will continue to be used primarily to fund future capital expansion in our silicon carbide business and will enable us to increase our available free cash flow to provide greater financial and operational flexibility to execute our capital allocation priorities. See Note 11. Noncontrolling Interests to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Exhibit 99.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K for further information. 
The Company believes existing cash, cash flow from operations, and available borrowing capacity from its Senior Credit Facilities will be sufficient to fund its needs for working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of scheduled long-term borrowings and lease obligations, investments in R&D, and internal and external growth objectives at least through fiscal year 2026. 
Our cash and cash equivalent balances are generated and held in numerous locations throughout the world, including amounts held outside the United States. As of June 30, 2025, we held approximately $813 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash outside of the United States. Generally, cash balances held outside the United States could be repatriated to the United States. 
At June 30, 2025, we had $724 million of restricted cash, which includes $720 million at our Silicon Carbide LLC that is restricted for use by only that subsidiary.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined by Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933.
Contractual Obligations
As of June 30, 2025, in the ordinary course of business, we had total estimated purchase commitments from vendors of approximately $1,092 million. In addition, as of June 30, 2025, we had obligations under our operating leases of approximately $263 million, $58 million of which will be paid in the fiscal year 2026. 
Item 8.        FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management’s Responsibility for Preparation of the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts that are based on the best estimates and judgments of management. The other financial information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is consistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-159f) and 15(d)-15(f). The Company’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance concerning the reliability of the financial data used in the preparation of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as reasonable assurance with respect to safeguarding the Company’s assets from unauthorized use or disposition.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement presentation and other results of such systems.
Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025. In making this evaluation, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). Management’s evaluation included reviewing the documentation of its controls, evaluating the design effectiveness of controls and testing their operating effectiveness. Based on the evaluation, management concluded that as of June 30, 2025, the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting were effective.
Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued its report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, which report is included herein.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Coherent Corp.
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Coherent Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders’ equity and mezzanine equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated August 14, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Lasers Reporting Unit                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Description of the Matter                       At June 30, 2025, the balance of the Company’s goodwill related to the Lasers reporting unit was $3.2 billion. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. The assessment of goodwill for impairment requires a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit that has goodwill associated with its operations to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the Company’s carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be measured as the excess of the carrying value over the calculated fair value.                                                                                                                 
                                                Auditing the Company’s annual goodwill impairment test for the Lasers reporting unit is complex because it involves making assumptions about the timing and amount of the forecasted future net cash flows of the reporting unit. The fair value estimate can be sensitive to significant assumptions such as revenue and the selected discount rate, which is based on a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be impacted by future economic conditions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit        We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s goodwill impairment evaluation process, including controls over management’s review of the assumptions described above.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                Our audit procedures to test management’s impairment evaluation of the Lasers reporting unit included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology and assumptions discussed above, and the underlying data used to develop such assumptions. For example, we compared certain assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends. Where appropriate, we evaluated whether changes to the Company’s business and other factors would affect the assumptions. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management’s estimates and performed independent sensitivity analyses. We involved our valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the methodologies and auditing the assumptions used to calculate the estimated fair value of the Lasers reporting unit.      
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2008.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
August 14, 2025, except for the effects of the reportable segment changes disclosed in Notes 1, 3, 6, 14, 20 and 21, as to which the date is December 16, 2025.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Coherent Corp.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
We have audited Coherent Corp. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Coherent Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings (loss), comprehensive income (loss), shareholders’ equity and mezzanine equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2025, and the related notes and schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated August 14, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion 
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
August 14, 2025
Coherent Corp. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets
($000)

June 30,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2025                        2024                     
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Current Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $909,200                    $926,033   
Restricted cash, current                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8,897                     174,008   
Accounts receivable - less allowance for doubtful accounts of $12,189 and $9,511 at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively                                                       