# 조정 EPS 파싱 실패 원문 — ROKU 2026-06-18
# 출처: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1428439/000162828026044373/roku-20260618.htm

roku-20260618_d2

Exhibit 99.1
EXPLANATORY NOTE
Roku, Inc. (“Roku” or the “Company”) is filing this exhibit to reflect changes to the presentation of its financial information as set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “2025 Form 10-K”), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 13, 2026, in connection with a change in segment reporting.
As previously disclosed in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 (as filed with the SEC on May 1, 2026), effective in the first quarter of 2026, the Company’s internal reporting and reportable segments changed. The Company now manages and reports its operating results through three reportable segments defined by: Advertising, Subscriptions, and Devices. Previously, the Company reviewed and managed the Advertising and Subscriptions segments as a combined Platform segment. This change was made to reflect the Company’s ongoing evaluation and monitoring of its business, including changes made to both internal reporting and the information reported to the Chief Executive Officer, who serves as Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). All prior period information has been recast to reflect this change in reportable segments.
This exhibit updates the information in the following items as initially filed in order to reflect the change in segment reporting: Part I. Item 1, Business; Part II. Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; and Part II. Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. No items in the 2025 Form 10-K other than those identified above are being updated by this filing. Information in the 2025 Form 10-K is generally stated as of December 31, 2025, and this filing does not reflect any subsequent information or events other than the change in segment reporting noted above. Without limiting the foregoing, this filing does not purport to update Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in the 2025 Form 10-K for any information, uncertainties, transactions, risks, events, or trends occurring, or known to management, other than the change in segment reporting described above. Forward-looking statements in this exhibit are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including risks described in the sections titled “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in the 2025 Form 10-K. This exhibit should be read in conjunction with the 2025 Form 10-K as well as the Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2026 and any other documents filed with the SEC subsequent to February 13, 2026, which contain more current information.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                                                            Page     
PART I                                                                                                               
Item 1         Business                                                                                     1        
PART II                                                                                                              
Item 7         Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        9        
Item 8         Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                  22       
i


GLOSSARY OF SELECTED TERMS
As used in this exhibit and the 2025 Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the following terms have the respective meaning as defined below. 
Ad-supported Video on Demand (AVOD): Streaming on-demand content supported by advertising that does not charge a fee to the viewer.
Apps: Primarily refers to the direct-to-consumer streaming applications on the Roku platform (e.g., The Roku Channel or Netflix). We also use “apps” to refer to mobile applications (such as our Roku mobile app). 
Average Revenue per User (ARPU): Platform revenue for the trailing four quarters divided by the average of the number of Streaming Households at the end of the current period and the end of the corresponding period in the prior year. 
Demand-side platform (DSP): Programmatic advertising technology that allows advertisers and advertising agencies to buy advertising inventory across multiple platforms and publishers through one interface.
FAST: Free, ad-supported linear streaming TV, which does not include on-demand content. 
Licensed Roku TV partners: TV original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) that license the Roku TV OS and leverage our smart TV reference designs to build TVs. 
Linear TV: A TV format that provides programming at specifically scheduled times.
Premium Subscriptions: Subscription-based streaming services (e.g., Paramount+) from content partners offered through The Roku Channel.
Roku-made TVs: TVs powered by the Roku TV OS that are designed, made, and sold by Roku. Roku-made TVs include the Roku Select, Roku Plus, and Roku Pro Series TVs, as well as Hiro Roku TVs.
Roku Experience: The user experience on the Roku platform, representing all the features that Roku builds and operates to engage, delight, and help our viewers easily find great entertainment.
Roku Home Screen: The first screen the viewer sees when they begin streaming with a Roku streaming device. The viewer is also returned to the Roku Home Screen by pressing the home button on the Roku remote or when exiting apps.
Roku Home Screen Menu: The left-hand navigation bar on the Roku Home Screen.
Roku media: Ad inventory sold by Roku, either directly or indirectly, on our home screen, in our owned and operated streaming apps, or in third-party streaming apps.
Roku Originals: Original content programming created by Roku.
Roku TV OS (or Roku platform): Roku operating system that is purpose built for TV and powers Roku streaming devices. 
Roku TV models: TVs powered by the Roku TV OS that are made and sold by our licensed Roku TV partners.
Supply-side platform (SSP): Programmatic advertising technology that enables publishers to sell their advertising inventory to multiple demand sources.
Streaming: The distribution of video, music, or other media content via the internet.
Streaming device: Any device that enables TV streaming. Roku streaming devices include Roku streaming players, Roku TV models, and Roku-made TVs.
Streaming Hours: The aggregate amount of time streaming devices stream on Roku’s platform in a given period. See Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Measures, elsewhere in this exhibit for additional detail.
Streaming Households: The number of distinct user accounts that have streamed on our platform within the last 30 days of the period.
Streaming platform: The technology that delivers the viewer experience and streaming apps (e.g., The Roku Channel and Netflix) over an internet connection to a user’s TV. 
Streaming players: A device that connects to a TV via an HDMI connection to enable TV streaming (such as the Roku Streaming Stick, Roku Ultra, and Roku Streambar SE).
Smart TV: A television that is connected to the internet through an operating system (e.g., the Roku TV OS).
Subscription Video on Demand (SVOD): Streaming content that is available on demand, requires a paid subscription, and can be ad-supported or ad-free.
TV streaming: The act of streaming content over the internet on a TV. 
The Roku Channel (TRC): A Roku owned and operated streaming service. The Roku Channel aggregates three types of content—AVOD, FAST, and Premium Subscriptions—within The Roku Channel app and through viewing experiences integrated throughout the Roku platform (e.g., Live TV on the Roku Home Screen Menu).
ii


PART I
Item 1: Business
Overview 
Roku, Inc. (“Roku,” the “Company,” “we,” or “us”) is the leading TV streaming platform in the United States, Canada, and Mexico by hours streamed.
We pioneered TV streaming and believe that all TV will be streamed. The shift of the TV ecosystem to streaming continues and is expanding TV’s capabilities for viewers, content partners, advertisers, and other industry participants. Nearly every major media company not only has a streaming service, but has also expanded beyond pure subscription streaming models to ad-supported streaming options. Advertisers use TV streaming to reach viewers who are increasingly unreachable on traditional TV, while also benefiting from the digital advertising capabilities that TV streaming platforms can deliver.
Our Mission 
Our mission is to be the global TV streaming platform that connects and benefits the entire TV ecosystem of viewers, content partners, and advertisers. Through our TV streaming platform, we connect viewers to the entertainment they love; enable content partners to build, engage, and monetize large audiences; and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to reach viewers.
Our Strategy and Business Model 
The foundation of our platform is the Roku TV OS, which is purpose built for TVs and powers Roku streaming devices. The Roku TV OS is designed to run on low-cost hardware, which enables Roku streaming devices to be sold to consumers at competitive prices. The Roku TV OS connects viewers to our streaming platform via a broadband network, giving them access to a wide selection of content through an experience that is both delightful and easy to use. We provide periodic updates via the Roku TV OS to continuously deliver an exceptional streaming experience.
We dedicate significant resources to build, maintain, and advance the Roku TV OS; to provide an industry-leading streaming platform for our viewers, content partners, and advertisers; to obtain content for our streaming platform that attracts viewers, including on our owned and operated streaming services (The Roku Channel, Howdy, and Frndly TV) and to our original programming (Roku Originals); and to extend Roku’s leadership as the global shift to TV streaming continues.
Our three-phased business model—grow scale, grow engagement, and grow monetization—drives our mission. We leverage our position as the TV streaming platform to help our viewers find content across the streaming universe, while simultaneously growing monetization. Our three key initiatives to grow Platform revenue are to innovate the Roku Home Screen to expand monetization, grow advertising demand through deeper third-party platform integrations, and grow Roku-billed subscriptions. 
Devices Segment: Growing Scale through Easy Access to TV Streaming
We make TV streaming accessible to consumers through a broad lineup of devices, at a variety of competitive price points. Our devices segment generates revenue from the sale of Roku streaming players, Roku-made TVs, Roku TV smart projectors, smart home products and services, audio products, and related accessories.
Roku TV models are TVs made and sold by our Roku TV partners, which are TV original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) that license the Roku TV OS and leverage our smart TV reference designs. We have grown our scale through this Roku TV licensing program, which we launched more than 10 years ago. 
In 2023, we launched Roku-made TVs, which are designed, made, and sold by us. This award-winning lineup includes the Roku Select and Roku Plus Series TVs, and the Roku Pro Series TVs, which are our higher-performing TVs that we launched in spring 2024. We periodically refresh the lineup of Roku-made TVs with the goal to provide our customers with an outstanding TV streaming experience. Roku-made TVs complement our successful Roku TV licensing program. We believe our Roku-made TVs enable us to further grow our leadership position in TV streaming and compete in the higher-end range of performance TVs. Roku-made TVs also help us innovate more quickly in all aspects of hardware and software and test directly with viewers, improving the product and viewer experience and strengthening the entire Roku ecosystem. 
Roku streaming players enable users to easily turn (nearly) any TV into a smart TV. We launch new streaming player models periodically with a focus on offering high performance at an affordable price. In 2025, we introduced two new streaming players, the Roku Streaming Stick and Roku Streaming Stick Plus, with the performance and speed that our users have come to expect.
In 2025, we also launched our Roku TV smart projectors designed for both indoor and outdoor use, with the Roku TV OS built in, to deliver flexible screen sizing for entertainment anywhere.
Audio is an important part of the TV streaming experience, and we offer Roku-branded wireless soundbars, speakers, and subwoofers that seamlessly connect to TVs powered by the Roku TV OS. Additionally, the Roku TV Ready program allows certified soundbars to quickly and easily connect to Roku TVs, enabling the use of one remote and having all the sound settings uploaded to the TV. This is another example of Roku’s innovative TV ecosystem. 
The Roku ecosystem includes smart home devices that include cameras, video doorbells, lights, plugs, a home monitoring system, and our Roku Smart Home mobile application for iOS and Android. We offer subscription plans for our cameras, video doorbells, and home monitoring system. 
Roku streaming devices are broadly distributed online and at popular national retailers. Through our streaming devices and the Roku platform, we provide viewers tremendous choice, value, and an exceptional viewer experience. 
Advertising and Subscriptions Segments: Growing and Monetizing User Engagement
The Roku Experience 
We call the user experience on the Roku platform the “Roku Experience.” It represents all the features and destinations that Roku builds and operates to engage, delight, and help our viewers find great entertainment. The Roku Experience begins with our Home Screen, which is the first thing our viewers see, reaching them before they decide what to watch. From this position, we can help the viewer decide what to watch every day across the vast range of options available to them on our streaming platform.
Our Home Screen includes features such as our content row (located on the top right), which we launched in 2024 to make personalized, AI-powered recommendations to our users. Unlike suggestions from streaming services, which are restricted to their libraries, our recommendations include content from streaming apps across our platform. The content row has helped us drive growth in Streaming Hours, ad reach, and SVOD signups, including Premium Subscriptions within The Roku Channel. The Roku Experience also includes destinations such as our Sports Experience, which aggregates and organizes sports programming from across our platform into a single location. The Sports Experience enables fans to easily find their favorite sport, team, or event, which benefits not only our viewers but also our content partners. Overall, the Roku Experience, combined with our significant scale of more than 90 million Streaming Households globally, is a key competitive advantage that continues to drive our success. 
Owned and Operated Streaming Apps
In 2025, we expanded our portfolio of owned and operated streaming apps beyond The Roku Channel to Howdy, an ad-free SVOD service, and Frndly TV, a subscription streaming service that offers live TV, on-demand video, and a cloud-based digital video recorder (“DVR”). With both Howdy and Frndly TV, we believe our expertise in recommending relevant content to viewers and leveraging the power of our platform will drive cost-efficient subscription sign-ups and engagement, thus adding incremental Platform revenue.
Owning and operating both the streaming apps and our streaming platform creates unique value, enables us to be a leader in free and affordable content, positions us to be a valuable partner to content partners, and creates a large source of advertising inventory for us to monetize. Our streaming apps benefit significantly from their integration throughout the Roku Experience, which has features such as the content row on our Home Screen, Live TV, and the Sports Experience, among others, that can directly surface content to our viewers. Our owned and operated streaming apps are strategic assets in our monetization efforts that simultaneously benefit viewers, content partners, and advertisers, while helping to grow and diversify our Platform revenue.
The Roku Channel
The Roku Channel is a top driver of engagement and ad inventory on our platform. The Roku Channel aggregates a broad variety of entertainment into a unified streaming experience, through three distinct types of content:
•AVOD (ad-supported video on demand): Viewers can stream a broad variety of 80,000+ movies and TV shows, including Roku Originals, for free.
•Live TV: Viewers have access to watch 500+ FAST (free, ad-supported linear streaming TV) channels in genres ranging from news to sports to entertainment to creator content.
•Premium Subscriptions: Viewers can easily sign up, view, and manage subscriptions to dozens of SVOD apps, such as HBO Max and Paramount+, with a single, monthly bill.
The foundation of our content strategy for The Roku Channel is third-party licensed content and, to a smaller extent, our original programming, Roku Originals. Our content spend is intended to be commensurate with the growth trajectory of The Roku Channel and with the broader macroeconomic environment. The Roku Channel is available on devices powered by the Roku TV OS in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Mexico. In the United States, it is also available via the Roku mobile app, online at TheRokuChannel.Roku.com, and on Amazon Fire TVs, Samsung TVs, Google TV, and other Android TV OS devices. 
Frndly TV
In May 2025, we acquired Frndly TV, Inc. (“Frndly TV”), a subscription streaming service that offers more than 50 live TV channels, on-demand video, and cloud-based DVR for an affordable price. Frndly TV’s growth and expertise in direct-to-consumer subscription services is expected to make it a valuable addition to Roku, and we believe our expertise in recommending relevant content to viewers will help Frndly TV attract, engage, and retain more subscribers. Frndly TV is currently available in the United States and is intended to support our focus on growing Platform revenue and Roku-billed subscriptions.
Howdy
In August 2025, we launched Howdy in the United States, our owned-and-operated SVOD service, offering high-quality movies and TV series ad free for only $2.99 per month. With nearly 10,000 hours of fan favorites, Howdy is designed to complement viewers’ other streaming services. We believe there is a significant opportunity for a low-cost, ad-free streaming service, and we are leveraging the power of our platform to drive cost-efficient sign-ups and engagement, similar to our success building The Roku Channel.
Streaming Hours
We grew Streaming Hours on the overall Roku platform from 127.1 billion hours in 2024 to 145.6 billion hours in 2025 through increasing the distribution of Roku streaming devices, increasing our Streaming Households, and continuing to enhance the Roku Experience. We are always seeking new ways to innovate to expand the role the Roku Experience can play in helping viewers find what to watch, which simultaneously benefits our content partners and advertisers while creating monetization opportunities for Roku.
Platform Revenue
Our TV streaming platform enables content partners and advertisers to reach audiences that are increasingly unreachable on traditional TV. Each user on our streaming platform creates multiple revenue opportunities for Roku through activities such as navigating through the Roku Experience, watching ad-supported content, or signing up for subscription services. 
Platform revenue is comprised of the revenue we generate from both our Advertising and Subscriptions segments. We generate Subscriptions revenue primarily from the sale of subscriptions to end users, including the sale of Premium Subscriptions, the sale of owned and operated subscription services, and revenue from content distribution arrangements, which primarily includes subscription revenue shares from content partners and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls.
We empower viewers to choose how much they want to spend on content by offering them a broad array of free, ad-supported, subscription, and transactional viewing options. Our direct relationship with customers provides us with insights about their behavior on our streaming platform, including certain content viewers search for, the apps viewers install and watch, and the types of content that viewers purchase or subscribe to on our streaming platform. This first party data enables us to develop actionable insights such as content recommendations to improve our viewers’ experience. 
Our significant scale, ability to reach highly engaged viewers, tools that enable seamless signups, and marketing/discovery features make us an attractive platform to content partners. They can also reach and engage those viewers who do not use traditional TV services. As more viewers shift to TV streaming, content partners that publish apps on our platform are able to reach these streaming audiences at scale and engage viewers directly.
We make it easy for content partners to distribute and monetize their streaming content through three primary business models: SVOD, which includes subscriptions to individual video on demand apps and so-called virtual multichannel video programming distribution (“vMVPD”) services; ad-supported video, which includes AVOD apps with on demand content that do not charge a subscription fee to users, as well as FAST; and transaction video on demand (“TVOD”), which includes apps that offer a la carte content purchases or rentals. Our payment and billing service assists content partners with their billing needs, such as managing payment methods, subscriptions, and customer invoices. This service also allows content partners to enable a frictionless signup within their app, and we believe this key benefit simplifies user subscription signups and drives purchase and retention for our content partners.
Content partners also have access to our media and entertainment tools to help them attract, engage, and retain viewers by investing in promoting their content on our streaming platform. Content partners can use a variety of ad types, such as native ads on the Roku Home Screen to drive app downloads, promote an app’s content, or direct traffic to their apps in order to drive subscriptions or movie and TV show consumption. We also derive revenue from the sale of branded app buttons on Roku remote controls that are intended to increase incremental usage of an app by enabling viewers to launch straight into the app from any screen. Our analytics and reporting assist content partners with analyzing viewership trends and metrics for specific titles, and we also can help content partners target new audiences that are more likely to subscribe to their services.
Just as ads evolved decades ago when TV replaced radio as the primary entertainment medium, ads on TV streaming offer new and more performant opportunities than traditional TV. Advertisers are able to leverage the 
combination of our significant scale, our direct relationship with viewers, and our innovative ad products and technology to reach consumers with relevant messages. We offer advertisers a unique and effective set of tools to reach viewers at scale and measure both the effectiveness of the ads served and their return on investment. Furthermore, our comprehensive ad offering enables advertisers to decide how they buy Roku media, whether through direct insertion order, a preferred DSP partner, or Roku Ads Manager, our self-service ad platform. This allows us to serve a diverse array of advertisers across verticals and business sizes, from small and medium-sized businesses (“SMBs”) to enterprise companies.
We sell both in-stream video ads and display ads integrated into our user interface (“UI”). Our standard in-stream video ads are the same as the video advertising seen on traditional TV, but they are made more performant with data and technology. Additionally, we are able to offer a broader array of ad experiences than standard video ads, such as the ability to takeover an entire ad break, ads related to a specific Roku Original, and ads that appear when the viewer pauses content. 
The display ads we offer are integrated into the Roku Experience and are only possible because we are the streaming platform. These differentiated ads fall into three main categories of native ads, destinations, and action ads. Native ads are high-visibility placements within our iconic Roku City screensaver, wallpaper-branded themes on the Roku Home Screen or The Roku Channel, spotlight ads (placed directly below the Roku Home Screen Menu), or marquee ads (placed directly to the right of the app tiles on the Roku Home Screen Menu) which can be either static or video. In 2025, we enhanced our Roku City offering with a new experience that transforms the animated cityscape into a stage for music, original storytelling, and interactive programming. Destinations include sponsorships of a playlist, destination (e.g., the Roku Sports Experience), fan experience (e.g., the premiere of a new TV show season), or a “pass” that provides viewers with a free movie/TV show. Action ads can be combined with other ad types and create an easy way for viewers to use their remote to subscribe to a service, purchase an item, or receive more information (e.g., OK-to-Text, OK-to-Checkout). Many of our action ads are in partnership with companies such as Walmart, Shopify, and Instacart that connect their products with viewers and provide enhanced targeting and closed-loop measurement.
Roku enables advertisers to measure TV streaming ad performance throughout the Roku Experience. Our measurement framework is built on a foundation of verified identity, consisting of direct relationships with viewers. We can combine this asset with the advertiser’s preferred data sources to provide an expansive measurement toolkit that includes reach measurement, brand resonance, and sales attribution, among others. We also have third-party partnerships that allow advertisers to buy, optimize, and measure their campaigns, whether directly through Roku or through another buying platform.
Business Growth
Investment in Growth
We believe that our future performance will depend on the success of the investments in our business that we have made, and will continue to make, to further differentiate our streaming platform and increase the value we deliver to our viewers, content partners, and advertisers. We must regularly update and enhance our streaming platform to meet evolving viewer behavior and provide a best-in-class content delivery and advertising platform. We must provide content partners with best-in-class publishing tools and actionable audience insights. We must continue to innovate and invest in our advertising capabilities and technology so that we attract and encourage incremental advertising spend on our streaming platform. We aim to balance our commitment to growing Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow with our investments to further expand our scale, engagement, and monetization.
Advertising Innovation
We continue to innovate our advertising offerings, particularly through more and deeper integrations with DSPs, SSPs, measurement platforms, and other strategic partners that enhance our demand, creative, performance, and measurement capabilities. Through these partnerships, we are able to give advertisers a holistic view of campaign outcomes across TV streaming and mobile, such as app installs, in-app activity, and long-term customer value. For example, we have a partnership that delivers advanced AI-powered measurement to quantify campaign impact beyond traditional attribution models, providing advertisers with more accurate return on investment on TV streaming. We also have a partner integration with Roku Ads Manager to enable SMBs to efficiently repurpose social media content for TV streaming, reducing production costs and complexity to make advertising on TV more accessible. 
International Markets
The shift from traditional TV to TV streaming is a global phenomenon, as it offers viewers better choice and greater control over their entertainment. We believe that the value our business delivers to viewers, content partners, and advertisers is as compelling in international markets as it is in the United States. Today Roku streaming devices are available in 15+ countries. We are the leading TV streaming platform in the United States, Canada, and Mexico by hours streamed. Internationally, we continue to grow our footprint and deepen our presence in key markets. In 2025, we expanded the Roku player lineup, launching the Roku Streaming Stick and Roku Streaming Stick Plus in Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom and Central and South America including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Panama.
In Latin America, we announced Roku TV models with new partners in Brazil, Colombia, Chile, and Peru. We also announced Roku TV models with new partners in the United Kingdom. In international markets, we plan to continue to focus on building scale first, increasing engagement, and ultimately driving monetization.
We are successfully growing The Roku Channel audience internationally. The Roku Channel is available on devices powered by the Roku TV OS in the United Kingdom, Canada, and Mexico. With strong scale and engagement, we are working to grow monetization in Mexico and Canada. Mexico remains the app’s largest market outside of the United States by Streaming Households and Streaming Hours. In Mexico, we launched Premium Subscriptions and announced a strategic partnership to give advertisers and agencies direct access to Roku’s scale, premium content, and innovative advertising formats through a single, trusted partner. We also launched the Roku Sports Experience in Mexico to aggregate and organize sports programming from across our platform into a single location. In Brazil, we added 30 FAST channels to our Live TV Guide and launched our ad platform, enabling brands and publishers to reach Brazilian viewers through our premium ad-supported content, backed by advanced targeting, measurement, and proprietary data.
Sales and Marketing 
We engage in a wide variety of sales and marketing activities to continuously grow scale, engagement, and monetization, and we dedicate significant resources to this area. Our sales and marketing activities are primarily focused on building and expanding relationships with content partners, advertisers, TV brands, and retailers, and driving sales of our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products to consumers through retail distribution channels.
We have dedicated business development teams that develop and maintain relationships to promote and build awareness of the features and advantages of our streaming platform among content partners, advertisers, and TV brands. Our data science team supports our sales and marketing efforts by analyzing data on our streaming platform to increase effectiveness for our content partners and advertisers as well as for our consumer marketing campaigns. Our relationship with content partners is typically client-direct. Through our dedicated content partner relationship management team, we enter into agreements with content partners to distribute their apps on our streaming platform, or license their content for The Roku Channel, or both. As part of our distribution agreements with ad-supported apps, we typically secure direct access to a portion of the content partners’ video advertising inventory for our monetization, and our sales efforts are differentiated and complementary to that of our content partners. Whereas our content partners typically feature their brand and content in their sale, we focus on delivering a large streaming audience across many apps and via other Roku-branded experiences such as the Roku Home Screen at once using our own data. We sell advertising to a wide range of advertisers helping them reach their goals across numerous key performance indicators. 
We continue to develop relationships with third-party partners and ad-buying platforms (e.g., major direct holding company and ad agency relationships, DSPs, SSPs, retail media networks, and other strategic partners) to reach marketers buying programmatic advertising on such platforms and to create more demand opportunities for our advertising inventory. Our ad sales teams and products are organized into groups that specialize in the unique needs of each area: agency holding companies and Fortune 500 brands, independent agency and mid-market clients, content partners and entertainment brands, performance and direct-to-consumer brands, and international markets.
We work with our licensed Roku TV partners to assist in all phases of the development of Roku TV models, including planning, manufacturing, and marketing. In the United States, the majority of our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products are sold through brick and mortar retailers, such as Best Buy, Target, and Walmart, including their online sales platforms, and online retailers such as Amazon, and to a lesser extent our website (excluding Roku TV models). We also sell products internationally through distributors and to retailers. Amazon, Best Buy, Walmart, and Target collectively accounted for 81% of our Devices revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. We support retailers with an experienced sales management team and work closely with these retailers to assist with marketing and product mix forecasting. We intend to continue to invest significant resources in our sales and marketing efforts.
Seasonality
We have historically seen seasonality in our business related to advertising and device sales. Our revenue and gross profit are traditionally strongest in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and represent a higher percentage of the total net revenue for such fiscal year due to higher consumer purchases and increased advertising during holiday seasons. Furthermore, in preparation for the fourth quarter holiday season, we recognize significant discounts in the average selling prices of our streaming device sales through retailers in an effort to grow our Streaming Households, which typically reduce our Devices gross margin or results in a Devices gross loss in the fourth quarter.
Research and Development 
Our research and development model relies on a combination of in-house staff and outsourced development and manufacturing partners to cost-effectively improve and enhance our platform, and to develop new TVs, players, audio products, features, and functionality. We work closely with content partners, advertisers, and licensed Roku TV partners to understand their current and future needs. We have designed a product development process that seeks to take input from our partners into account when making decisions about our future product and service offerings. In addition, we solicit user feedback in the development of new features and enhancements to our platform. We are also continuing to invest in AI-powered and machine learning capabilities, which we believe have the potential to enhance the value of our products and services to viewers and business partners, as well as to automate internal processes and help our business 
run more efficiently. We intend to continue to invest significantly in research and development to bring new or improved products and services to market. 
Manufacturing 
We outsource the manufacturing of our products to our contract manufacturers, original design manufacturers, and other contractors and vendors. All of our products are manufactured in China, Southeast Asia, Brazil, and Mexico. Our contracts do not obligate our partners to supply products to us in any specific quantity or at any specific price. Our manufacturers procure components and assemble our products to demand forecasts we establish based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales, operations, and product management functions. The manufacturers ship our products to our third-party warehouses, from where we ship our products directly to retailers, wholesale distributors, and consumers. 
Government Regulation 
Our business and our products and platform are subject to numerous U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. These laws and regulations include general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to providers of streaming services and internet-connected devices. 
For example, in both the United States and abroad, the regulatory framework for privacy and data security issues is rapidly evolving. U.S. federal and state consumer protection regulators generally exercise oversight of consumer protections, often bringing enforcement actions for unfair acts or deceptive practices related to privacy and security or other consumer protection matters. An increasing number of states have passed, or are considering, legislation to govern consumer privacy or consumer protection online. Likewise, foreign jurisdictions in which we operate impose different, and sometimes more stringent, consumer and privacy protections, compared to the United States. Consumer privacy and consumer protection laws, and regulators’ interpretations of these laws, may become more diverse and restrictive over time, increasing the challenges and costs associated with complying with these laws in all jurisdictions. Governments in both the United States and other jurisdictions also have adopted, or are considering adoption, of laws and regulations intended to protect minors’ privacy and otherwise protect minors from perceived harms online. Privacy and other laws also may limit the ability of advertisers to fully utilize our platform, which could have a negative impact on our business.
In addition, the internet is a vital component of our business and is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in jurisdictions throughout the world. We historically have relied on the openness and accessibility of the internet to conduct our business, and government regulations that impede the preservation of the open internet could harm our business. Regulators in the United States and abroad regularly evaluate policy changes that could affect the openness of the internet. 
Our business also is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate and the countries in which our contract manufacturers, component suppliers, and other business partners are located. For example, the threat, implementation, or modification of new import restrictions in the United States, as well as any retaliatory measures adopted by affected U.S. trade partners, could prove disruptive to the business environment in which we operate.
Finally, our content business is subject to a wide range of government regulations that may vary by jurisdiction. Some nations highly regulate media, including TV streaming. Others have (or may consider) regulations that mandate certain local content quotas or production requirements, for cultural preservation or other reasons. Because our business depends on the creation and production of content, and on the availability of third-party content, delivered over the internet, increased regulation of TV streaming or changes in laws or regulations governing internet transmission of content could adversely affect our business and the attractiveness of our platform. Additionally, these kinds of regulations may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive.
New laws and regulations, individually or in the aggregate, could increase our cost of doing business, impact our competitive position, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are substantial and are likely to increase in the future. Compliance with existing or future laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to internet and online services, data privacy and security, minors’ safety, consumer protection, global trade, environmental protection, employee health and safety, and taxes, could have an adverse impact on our business in subsequent periods. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we may be subject to significant liabilities and other penalties as well as harm to our reputation. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business and associated risks, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, in the 2025 Form 10-K. 
Intellectual Property 
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights.
As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 1,800 issued patents and 650 pending applications in the United States and foreign countries. We also license technology from third parties when we believe it will facilitate our product 
offerings or business. For information about the intellectual property risks applicable to our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, in the 2025 Form 10-K.
Competition 
The TV streaming industry is highly competitive and, as it continues to evolve, we will continue to face strong competition in every aspect of our business. We compete with much larger companies which have resources and brand recognition that pose significant competitive challenges. In the face of this competition, we believe our success depends on building scale by growing our user base, growing engagement by increasing the hours of content streamed through our platform, and growing the monetization of the activities that viewers engage in through our platform.
Our competitors include:
•companies that offer TV streaming devices that compete with Roku streaming devices and companies that license their operating systems for integration into smart TVs and other streaming products;
•TV brands that offer their own TV streaming solutions within their TVs as well as other devices such as game consoles, DVD players, and set-top boxes that leverage their own operating systems;
•streaming applications that enable users to stream content on phones, tablets, and laptop computers;
•companies that produce and aggregate TV streaming content with the goal of attracting wide audiences;
•companies that offer advertisers the opportunity to reach viewers on other content and advertising mediums, including on other ad-supported streaming services and social media applications;
•companies that offer users other sources for news and entertainment, including broadcast and cable television networks, newspapers and magazines, social networks, and video games; 
•companies that offer products that compete with our audio products or our smart home products and services; and
•companies that operate in the same locations as our offices or offer remote work positions that may be better able to attract and retain top talent in engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, and other organizations.
We also compete with other entertainment providers, including other TV streaming companies and content publishers, in seeking high quality content to license for our platform and for talent and programming concepts for original content projects. We also compete with these same publishers in seeking to sell advertising to support the distribution of streaming content. A number of leading content publishers have launched ad-supported subscription tiers and FAST channels, which offer consumers access to content either for free or for a lower subscription fee.
As the TV streaming marketplace continues to develop, we may become subject to additional competition as we introduce or develop new products and services, as our existing products and services evolve, or as other companies introduce competing products and services.
Human Capital Management 
We believe our success depends on our culture and our ability to attract and retain our employees. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 3,600 full-time employees located in 15 countries. Only our employees in Brazil are represented by a labor union with respect to their employment. Most of our employees have a hybrid work schedule (consisting of both in-person work and working from home).
We want our employees to be proud to work at Roku. Our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture emphasizes recruiting talented individuals, encouraging teamwork, and expecting our employees to perform at a high level. We also emphasize integrity, transparency, and honesty in our internal and external conduct of business. All employees are required to comply fully with our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, which sets forth our values, business culture, and practices. 
Across Roku, teams are expected to communicate clearly, in real time. Because our employees are trusted and encouraged to make decisions, our leadership communicates plans, milestones, and strategic context broadly, and our employees are trusted to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Our employees are encouraged to leverage our broad talent base for varied points of view when making decisions. As we grow our business, our goal is to ensure that Roku continues to be a great place to work and thrive.
We are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace to strengthen teamwork, build exceptional products, and deliver the best TV streaming content. We believe our employees should feel valued and empowered to contribute, collaborate, and thrive. Our Inclusion Strategy team partners across Roku to advance inclusion through strategic programs, support our employee resource groups, expand talent communities, and amplify our employer brand story. Beyond the employee experience, as a global TV streaming platform, we seek to delight our consumers through inclusive content, services, and partnerships that enrich the Roku Experience for our audiences everywhere. Our Inclusion Strategy and Roku Media teams elevate storytelling that authentically represents and resonates with audiences from different backgrounds.
Purposeful investments in developing future talent across our industry are made through our Social Impact program. Through collaboration with educational and workforce development organizations, employees share their 
expertise to offer young people valuable industry insights and hands-on experiences. We also work with industry partners to connect a broad range of talent to real-world opportunities in media and entertainment. 
Our Learning and Growth team provides our employees with the training and development needed to support our strategic priorities and growth. Our employee development programs begin with a comprehensive new hire onboarding experience covering our culture, business, and the resources needed to increase our new hires’ speed to productivity. In addition to required trainings, we offer employees a suite of highly encouraged offerings covering topics such as high-performance feedback, career development, change management, and communication skills. Managers are provided with training on expectations for managers and have access to a 1:1 leadership coaching program to support new and newly promoted leaders in managing and leading effectively. In addition, all employees have access to on-demand technical and non-technical skill development through LinkedIn Learning. We intend to continue to review, refresh, purchase, and custom-build additional training materials to support our global employees’ performance and development needs.
Our total compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and reward talented professionals. As a result, we endeavor to pay competitive total compensation that is guided by market rates and tailored to account for the specific needs and responsibilities of a particular position as well as the unique qualifications of the individual employee. In determining each employee’s total compensation opportunity, we consider what that employee would be paid by another employer, what we would have to pay to replace that employee if the employee leaves Roku, and the amount we would pay to retain that employee. Generally, we pay employees total compensation that is comprised of salary and equity awards rather than offering specific benefits or perks that might be valued differently by different employees. We generally do not pay cash bonuses (other than to employees eligible for sales commissions) or have performance-based equity awards because our employees are expected to work at the highest level. 
We recognize that our employees are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. In support of this, we offer a variety of benefits and wellness offerings to our employees around the world. 
Available Information
Our website address is www.roku.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website (roku.com/investor), our blog (roku.com/blog), SEC filings, webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these mediums to communicate with investors and the general public about our company, our products and services, and other issues. It is possible that the information we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our investor relations website.
The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding companies (including Roku) that file electronically with the SEC. 
Information contained on or accessible through the websites listed above is not incorporated by reference nor otherwise included in this exhibit, and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
PART II
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this exhibit. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, beliefs, and expectations, and involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this exhibit and in the 2025 Form 10-K, particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.
This section of this exhibit generally discusses fiscal years 2025 and 2024 and year-to-year comparisons between those years, and additionally includes certain recast financial information for fiscal year 2023 and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal years 2024 and 2023. The change in our operating segments had no impact on our previously reported results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Prior period information has been recast to conform to the new reportable segment structure. Discussions of fiscal year 2023 and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal years 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this exhibit can be found in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025.
Overview
Effective in the first quarter of 2026, our reportable segments changed. We now manage and report our operating results through three reportable segments: Advertising, Subscriptions, and Devices. Previously, we reviewed and managed the new Advertising and Subscriptions segments as a combined Platform segment. This change was made to reflect our ongoing evaluation and monitoring of our business, including changes made to both our internal reporting and the information reported to the CODM. Segment financial information has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect these changes.
Advertising revenue is generated from the sale of digital advertising, including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into our user interface (“UI”), and related services.
Subscriptions revenue is generated from the sale of subscriptions to end users, including the sale of Premium Subscriptions, the sale of owned and operated subscription services, and revenue from content distribution arrangements, which primarily includes subscription revenue shares from content partners and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls.
“Platform” revenue, cost of revenue, and gross profit reflect the combined revenue, cost of revenue, and gross profit attributable to our Advertising and Subscriptions segments. 
Devices revenue is generated from the sale of streaming players, Roku-made TVs, smart home products and services, audio products, and related accessories. We expect to continue to manage the average selling prices of Roku streaming devices in an effort to sell more devices, which we believe will increase our Streaming Households. We expect that this trade off from Devices gross profit or loss to grow Streaming Households should result in increased Platform revenue and Platform gross profit over time.
Business Conditions and Macroeconomic Factors
Our business is subject to risks related to the evolving macroeconomic environment, including the effects of increased volatility in financial markets, higher inflation and interest rates, potential economic slowdown or recession, geopolitical developments, changes in economic or government policies, including the unknown impact of tariffs, changing global regulations, and the overall uncertainty surrounding international trade relations. While we intend to remain vigilant in monitoring the impacts of these circumstances on our business and adapt accordingly, the effects of these macroeconomic factors on our business, results of operations, and financial condition remain largely uncertain. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements in the 2025 Form 10-K for additional details.
Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Measures
Since our IPO in 2017, the streaming TV industry has evolved meaningfully, with Americans now spending significantly more TV time streaming than watching traditional TV. Our business has also grown and evolved, and we are now primarily focused on growing Platform revenue and profitability. As a result, and as previously disclosed, starting in the first quarter of 2025, we have updated our Key Performance Metrics (“KPMs”) to better align with these priorities.
The key performance metrics we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts and make strategic decisions are Streaming Hours, Platform revenue, Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), and Free Cash Flow.
Streaming Hours
We believe the number of Streaming Hours on our platform is an effective measure of user engagement and that the growth in the number of hours of content streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the growing user demand for TV streaming. We define Streaming Hours as the aggregate amount of time Roku streaming devices stream content on our platform in a given period. Hours streamed from The Roku Channel on non-Roku platforms are not included in this metric. Additionally, smart home products do not contribute to our Streaming Hours.
Additionally, we believe that over time, increasing user engagement on our streaming platform increases our platform monetization because we earn Platform revenue from various forms of user engagement, including advertising, as well as revenue shares from subscriptions and transactional video on-demand. However, our revenue from content partners is not tied to the hours streamed on their streaming apps, and the number of Streaming Hours does not correlate to revenue earned from such content partners or ARPU on a period-by-period basis. Moreover, Streaming Hours on our platform are measured whenever a Roku streaming device is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For example, if a Roku player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off the TV, steps away, or falls asleep and does not stop or pause the player, then the particular streaming app may continue to play content for a period of time determined by the streaming app. We believe that this also occurs across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming devices and other set-top boxes.
Since 2020, all of our Roku streaming devices include a Roku TV OS feature that is designed to identify when content has been continuously streaming on an app for an extended period of time without user interaction. This feature, which we refer to as “Are you still watching,” periodically prompts the user to confirm that they are still watching the selected app and closes the app if the user does not respond affirmatively. We believe that the implementation of this feature across the Roku platform benefits us, our customers, content partners, and advertisers. Some of our leading content partners, including Netflix, also have implemented similar features within their apps. This Roku TV OS feature supplements these app features. This feature has not had and is not expected to have a material impact on our financial performance. 
We streamed 145.6 billion and 127.1 billion hours during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, reflecting an increase of 15%.
Platform Revenue 
We use Platform revenue as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because it represents our ability to successfully monetize our platform. Platform revenue includes revenue from both our Advertising and Subscriptions segments and its growth is one of our strategic priorities. Platform revenue was $4.1 billion and $3.5 billion for years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP Measure)
We use Adjusted EBITDA as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because it represents our ability to successfully manage profitability. Our goal is to grow Adjusted EBITDA over time, driving continued growth in stockholder value.
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation excludes total other income, net, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges, and income tax expense (benefit) from the net income (loss) of the period. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplement in evaluating our ongoing operational performance and enhancing an overall understanding of our past financial performance. However, this non-GAAP financial measure has limitations, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for 
our GAAP financial information, such as GAAP net income (loss). In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled metrics of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation.
The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):

                                                                                           Years Ended December 31,
2025                                                  2024                            2023                         
Net income (loss)                       $88,361                      $(129,386)                      $(709,561)    
Total other income, net                (99,522)                        (98,209)                        (92,947)    
Stock-based compensation                354,169                         384,662                         370,130    
Depreciation and amortization            68,904                          62,714                          70,447    
Restructuring charges (1)                 3,064                          30,999                         356,094    
Income tax expense                        5,537                           9,428                          10,131    
Adjusted EBITDA                        $420,513                        $260,208                          $4,294    
(1) Restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily include asset impairment charges of $2.9 million. Restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2024 primarily include asset impairment charges of $29.1 million. Restructuring charges for the year ended December 31, 2023 include operating lease right-of-use assets impairment charges of $131.6 million, property and equipment impairment charges of $72.3 million, content asset impairment charges of $65.5 million, employee severance and related charges of $83.2 million, and facilities exit costs of $3.5 million.
Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP Measure)
We use Free Cash Flow as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because we believe maximizing Free Cash Flow helps indicate the financial strength of our business, as well as provide an indication of cash generated or (used) by the business. Our goal is to continuously increase Free Cash Flow over time. We define Free Cash Flow as our trailing 12-month (“TTM”) cash flows from operating activities excluding purchases of property and equipment and the effects of exchange rates on cash.
Our Free Cash Flow was $483.6 million and $203.2 million for the TTM periods ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Free Cash Flow reconciliation excludes purchases of property and equipment and effects of exchange rates on cash from the cash flows from operating activities, in each case where applicable. We believe Free Cash Flow is useful as a supplement in evaluating our ongoing operational performance and enhancing an overall understanding of our past financial performance. However, this non-GAAP financial measure has limitations, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our GAAP financial information, such as GAAP cash flows from operating activities. For additional information about cash flows from operating activities, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. In addition, Free Cash Flow may not be comparable to similarly titled metrics of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):

                                                                                                                                   Trailing Twelve Months Ended
                                                                                                    December 31, 2025                         December 31, 2024
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                            $483,718                                  $218,045        
Less: Purchases of property and equipment                                                             (5,280)                                   (5,061)        
Add/(Less): Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash               5,179                                   (9,746)        
Free cash flow (TTM)                                                                                 $483,617                                  $203,238        
Components of Results of Operations
Revenue
Advertising Revenue
We generate Advertising revenue from the sale of digital advertising, including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into our UI, and related services. Our ad inventory primarily includes video ad inventory from 
AVOD content in The Roku Channel, native ads throughout the Roku Experience, as well as ad inventory we obtain as consideration from our streaming services distribution agreements with our content partners. 
Subscriptions Revenue
We generate Subscriptions revenue primarily from the sale of subscriptions to end users, including the sale of Premium Subscriptions, the sale of owned and operated subscription services, and revenue from content distribution arrangements, which primarily includes subscription revenue shares from content partners and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls.
The aggregate of both our Advertising and Subscriptions revenue is collectively referred to as our Platform revenue and represents our ability to monetize our platform. To date, we have generated most of our Platform revenue in the United States.
Devices Revenue 
We generate Devices revenue from the sale of streaming players, Roku-made TVs, smart home products and services, audio products, and related accessories. We generate most of our Devices revenue in the United States. In our international markets, we primarily sell our devices through wholesale distributors which, in turn, sell to retailers. 
Cost of Revenue 
Cost of Revenue, Advertising
Cost of revenue, advertising primarily consists of costs associated with acquiring advertising inventory, content amortization costs for both licensed and produced content, and costs associated with the delivery of our services that primarily include costs of third-party cloud services.
Cost of Revenue, Subscriptions
Cost of revenue, subscriptions primarily consists of costs for licensed Premium Subscriptions, revenue share payments on licensed content, and payment processing fees.
The aggregate of both our Advertising and Subscriptions cost of revenue is collectively referred to as our Cost of revenue, platform and represents the cost to monetize our platform. 
Cost of Revenue, Devices 
Cost of revenue, devices is comprised mostly of manufacturing costs payable to third-party manufacturers for devices we sell which include streaming players, Roku-made TVs, audio products and smart home products. Cost of revenue, devices also includes technology licenses or royalty fees on devices we sell, inbound and outbound freight, duty and logistics costs, third-party packaging, inventory provisions, and allocated overhead costs related to facilities, third-party cloud services, and salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for operations personnel.
Operating and Other Expenses 
Research and Development 
Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our development teams as well as outsourced development expenses. In addition, research and development expenses include allocated facilities and overhead expenses. 
Sales and Marketing 
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, commissions, and stock-based compensation for our employees engaged in sales and sales support, marketing, communications, data science and analytics, business development, product management, and partner support functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include marketing, retail and merchandising expenses, consulting and outside services, and allocated facilities and overhead expenses. 
General and Administrative 
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our finance, legal, information technology, human resources, and other administrative personnel. General and administrative expenses also include outside legal, accounting, and other professional service fees as well as allocated facilities and overhead expenses.
Other Income, Net 
Other income, net primarily consists of interest income on cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, foreign currency remeasurement, transaction gains and losses, and net change in the fair value of our strategic investments.
Income Tax Expense
Our income tax expense consists primarily of income tax expense in certain foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business and income tax expense (benefit) in the United States. We have a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets in the United States as of December 31, 2025. Given our current and anticipated future earnings, we believe that there is a reasonable possibility that the valuation allowance against these net deferred tax assets may be reversed within the next twelve to eighteen months.
Results of Operations
The following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of total revenue for each of the periods indicated.

                                                                             Years Ended December 31,
2025                                                                   2024                      2023
Net revenue:                                                                                         
Platform:                                                                                            
Advertising                                  49   %                  50   %                    51   %
Subscriptions                                38   %                  36   %                    35   %
Total Platform                               87   %                  86   %                    86   %
Devices                                      13   %                  14   %                    14   %
Total net revenue                           100   %                 100   %                   100   %
Cost of revenue:                                                                                     
Platform:                                                                                            
Advertising                                  21   %                  21   %                    23   %
Subscriptions                                21   %                  19   %                    18   %
Total Platform                               42   %                  40   %                    41   %
Devices                                      14   %                  16   %                    15   %
Total cost of revenue                        56   %                  56   %                    56   %
Gross profit (loss):                                                                                 
Platform:                                                                                            
Advertising                                  28   %                  29   %                    28   %
Subscriptions                                18   %                  17   %                    17   %
Total Platform                               46   %                  46   %                    45   %
Devices                                     (2)   %                 (2)   %                   (1)   %
Total gross profit                           44   %                  44   %                    44   %
Operating expenses:                                                                                  
Research and development                     15   %                  18   %                    25   %
Sales and marketing                          20   %                  23   %                    30   %
General and administrative                    9   %                   8   %                    12   %
Total operating expenses                     44   %                  49   %                    67   %
Loss from operations                          —   %                 (5)   %                  (23)   %
Other income, net:                                                                                   
Interest expense                              —   %                   —   %                     —   %
Other income, net                             2   %                   2   %                     3   %
Total other income, net                       2   %                   2   %                     3   %
Income (loss) before income taxes             2   %                 (3)   %                  (20)   %
Income tax expense                            —   %                   —   %                     —   %
Net income (loss)                             2   %                 (3)   %                  (20)   %
Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023
Net Revenue 

                                                                                                   Years Ended December 31,                                  2025 vs 2024                                  2024 vs 2023
2025                                                          2024                            2023                                    Change $                   Change %           Change $                   Change %
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                                                                                                     
Platform:                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Advertising                                  $2,327,796                      $2,065,255                      $1,792,991          $262,541                             13%      $272,264                             15%
Subscriptions                                 1,817,090                       1,457,521                       1,201,114           359,569                             25%       256,407                             21%
Total Platform                                4,144,886                       3,522,776                       2,994,105           622,110                             18%       528,671                             18%
Devices                                         592,365                         590,122                         490,514             2,243                              —%        99,608                             20%
Total net revenue                            $4,737,251                      $4,112,898                      $3,484,619          $624,353                             15%      $628,279                             18%
Advertising
Advertising revenue increased by $262.5 million, or 13%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to an increase in video ad impressions delivered. Video impressions increased by 68%, driven by higher user engagement and growth in streaming hours on our platform. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average price per impression of 28%, which was driven by changes in product and country mix.
Advertising revenue increased by $272.3 million, or 15%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in video ad impressions delivered. Video impressions increased by 52%, driven by higher user engagement and growth in streaming hours on our platform. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average price per impression of 18%, which was driven by changes in product and country mix.
Subscriptions
Subscriptions revenue increased by $359.6 million, or 25%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to a 10% increase in the number of subscriptions and a 20% increase in the average price per subscription. These increases were driven in part by the expansion of our owned and operated subscription services, including the acquisition of Frndly TV in May 2025 and the launch of Howdy in August 2025. 
Subscriptions revenue increased by $256.4 million, or 21%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a 9% increase in the number of subscriptions and a 12% increase in the average price per subscription.
Devices
Devices revenue remained relatively flat during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in revenue is due to higher sales of Roku-made TVs, partially offset by lower sales of streaming players. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the average selling price of all devices shipped increased by 6% and the volume of all devices shipped decreased by 3% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in average selling price is due to increased sales of Roku-made TVs, which generally sell at higher prices compared to streaming players. The decrease in the volume of devices shipped was mainly due to lower sales of streaming players.
Devices revenue increased by $99.6 million, or 20%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher revenue from Roku-made TVs. This was partially offset by lower revenue from streaming players, audio, and smart home products. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the average selling price of all devices shipped increased by 18% and the volume of all devices shipped increased by 5% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. The increase in average selling price is due to increased sales of Roku-made TVs, which generally sell at higher prices compared to streaming players. The increase in the volume of devices shipped was mainly due to higher sales of Roku-made TVs.
Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit (Loss)

                                                                                                   Years Ended December 31,                                  2025 vs 2024                                  2024 vs 2023
2025                                                          2024                            2023                                    Change $                   Change %           Change $                   Change %
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                                                                                                     
Cost of revenue:                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Platform:                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Advertising                                    $982,003                        $868,675                        $809,785          $113,328                             13%       $58,890                              7%
Subscriptions                                 1,006,439                         768,141                         617,761           238,298                             31%       150,380                             24%
Total Platform                                1,988,442                       1,636,816                       1,427,546           351,626                             21%       209,270                             15%
Devices                                         674,385                         670,437                         534,458             3,948                              1%       135,979                             25%
Total cost of revenue                        $2,662,827                      $2,307,253                      $1,962,004          $355,574                             15%      $345,249                             18%
Gross profit (loss):                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Platform:                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Advertising                                  $1,345,793                      $1,196,580                        $983,206          $149,213                             12%      $213,374                             22%
Subscriptions                                   810,651                         689,380                         583,353           121,271                             18%       106,027                             18%
Total Platform                                2,156,444                       1,885,960                       1,566,559           270,484                             14%       319,401                             20%
Devices                                        (82,020)                        (80,315)                        (43,944)           (1,705)                              2%      (36,371)                             83%
Total gross profit                           $2,074,424                      $1,805,645                      $1,522,615          $268,779                             15%      $283,030                             19%
Advertising
Cost of revenue, advertising increased by $113.3 million, or 13%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, driven by a $102.6 million increase in the costs of acquiring and delivering licensed content for TRC due to an increase in user engagement and video ad impressions delivered.
Cost of revenue, advertising increased by $58.9 million, or 7%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by a $113.2 million increase in the costs of acquiring and delivering licensed content for TRC due to an increase in user engagement and video ad impressions delivered, partially offset by a $65.5 million impairment charge taken in 2023 for content assets removed from The Roku Channel as part of the Company’s restructuring efforts which did not reoccur in 2024.
Subscriptions
Cost of revenue, subscriptions increased by $238.3 million, or 31%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, driven by higher licensing and content costs and growth in streaming hours. The increase in licensing and content costs include amounts related to Frndly TV, acquired in May 2025 and Howdy, launched in August 2025.
Cost of revenue, subscriptions increased by $150.4 million, or 24%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 driven by higher licensing and content costs and growth in streaming hours. 
Devices
Cost of revenue, devices increased by $3.9 million, or 1%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher manufacturing costs of $17.8 million, and higher freight costs of $9.5 million. These increases were partially offset by lower inventory reserves of $15.4 million and lower royalty costs of $3.8 million. 
Cost of revenue, devices increased by $136.0 million, or 25%, during the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023 resulting from higher manufacturing costs of $115.0 million, higher cost of manufacturing Roku-made TVs, and higher freight costs of $31.8 million.
Operating Expenses

                                                                        Years Ended December 31,                                         
2025                                                           2024                                      Change $                Change %
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                       
Research and development                       $729,477                            $720,145           $9,332                       1    %
Sales and marketing                             964,355                             932,712           31,643                       3    %
General and administrative                      386,216                             370,955           15,261                       4    %
Total operating expenses                     $2,080,048                          $2,023,812          $56,236                       3    %
Research and development 
Research and development expenses increased by $9.3 million, or 1%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher cloud hosting and consulting expenses of $22.6 million offset by lower personnel-related expenses of $12.4 million and lower facilities and IT expenses of $3.3 million. 
Sales and marketing
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $31.6 million, or 3%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher advertising expenses of $37.3 million, higher amortization expense of $11.6 million, and higher consulting expenses of $3.4 million. These increases were partially offset by lower personnel-related expenses of $23.3 million. 
General and administrative 
General and administrative expenses increased by $15.3 million, or 4%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher legal and consulting expenses of $26.7 million. The increase was partially offset by lower facilities expense of $5.3 million, lower restructuring charges of $4.5 million, and lower personnel-related expenses of $1.0 million.
Other Income, Net

                                                                  Years Ended December 31,                                           
2025                                                         2024                            Change $                        Change %
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                   
Interest expense                             $(1,906)                          $(411)        $(1,495)                        364    %
Other income, net                             101,428                          98,620        2,808                             3    %
Total other income, net                       $99,522                         $98,209        $1,313                            1    %
Total other income, net, increased by $1.3 million, or 1%, during the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by lower foreign currency remeasurement losses of $5.3 million and higher fair value remeasurement gains on our strategic investment in convertible promissory notes of $1.5 million. The increase was partially offset by lower interest income on our cash, cash equivalents, and short- term investments of $3.5 million and higher interest expense related to our credit agreement of $1.5 million.
Income Tax Expense

                                                                               Years Ended December 31,                                           
2025                                                       2024                                           Change $           Change %    
(in thousands, except percentages)                                                                                                       
Income tax expense                           $5,537                          $9,428                       $(3,891)           (41)      % 
Income tax expense decreased by $3.9 million, or 41%, for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease is due to a reduction in U.S. federal and certain state taxes due to the 2025 enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act and a tax benefit related to our acquisition of Frndly TV, partially offset by a one-time release of valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets in 2024.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of December 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1,587.1 million and short-term investments of $730.2 million. Approximately 9% of our cash was held outside the United States in accounts held by our foreign subsidiaries, which are used to fund foreign operations, and all short-term investments were held in the United States. 
Our primary sources of cash are receipts from Advertising, Subscriptions and Devices revenue. The primary uses of cash are costs of revenue including costs to acquire advertising inventory, costs to license and produce content, third-party manufacturing costs for our products, as well as operating expenses such as personnel-related expenses, consulting and professional service expenses, facility expenses, and marketing expenses. Other uses of cash include purchases of property and equipment, mergers and acquisitions, and share repurchases.
We have pursued merger and acquisition activities, such as the acquisition of Frndly TV, and we may pursue additional merger and acquisition activities in the future, including the acquisition of rights to programming and content assets. Though we do not expect to incur expenses for facilities and building related costs at the same level as we have in the last few fiscal years, we will continue to incur expenses on the maintenance of our facilities and purchases of computer systems, and other property and equipment, in order to support future growth in our business. These activities may materially impact our liquidity and capital resources.
We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents balance, and our undrawn available balance under our Credit Agreement (as discussed below), will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and material cash requirements from known contractual obligations for the next twelve months and beyond. Our future capital requirements, the adequacy of available funds, and cash flows from operations could be affected by various risks, uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in Item 1A, Risk Factors in the 2025 Form 10-K and the effects of the current macroeconomic environment. While the current macroeconomic environment has not severely impacted our liquidity and capital resources to date, it has contributed to disruption and volatility in local economies and in capital and credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future.
We may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or other financing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by the incurrence of indebtedness, we may be subject to fixed payment obligations and also to restrictive covenants. Additionally, we may be unable to obtain debt or equity financing on terms that are acceptable to us.
Credit Agreement
On September 16, 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and with Citibank N.A., as administrative agent (the “Credit Agreement”), which provides for (i) a five-year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $300.0 million, and (ii) an uncommitted increase option of up to an additional $300.0 million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement provides for a $100.0 million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit, and certain existing letters of credit were deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029. Proceeds from the Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including to finance working capital requirements.
Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and our subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement. We may prepay, and in certain circumstances, would be required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment of a premium. The Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants, financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total net leverage ratio, as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement becoming due and payable and remaining commitments terminated prior to its scheduled September 16, 2029 termination date.
We had outstanding letters of credit secured by the Credit Agreement of $39.5 million as of December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, we had not borrowed against the Credit Agreement, and we were in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this exhibit for additional details.
Share Repurchases
During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 1.5 million shares of our Class A common stock through our stock repurchase program. All share repurchases were made using cash resources. As of December 31, 2025, $250.0 million remained of our $400 million stock repurchase program. See Note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this exhibit for additional details.
Cash Flows 
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):

                                                   Years Ended December 31,                            
2025                                                                    2024                           
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data:                                                            
Cash flows provided by operating activities        $483,718                            $218,045        
Cash flows used in investing activities            $(782,370)                          $(25,061)       
Cash flows used in financing activities            $(280,098)                          $(89,203)       
Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
Cash provided by operating activities increased in 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to net income of $88.4 million in the current year, compared to a net loss of $129.4 million in the prior year, partially offset by lower non-cash adjustments to cash flows due mainly to lower impairment and stock-based compensation in the current year as compared to prior year. 
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities increased during 2025 compared to 2024 due primarily to purchases of short-term investments of $725.0 million and our acquisition of Frndly TV for $95.1 million, partially offset by repayments of $50.0 million received from our strategic investment in convertible promissory notes, which were fully repaid in 2025.
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to tax payments of $164.9 million to net settle equity awards vested during the period and $150.0 million in repurchases of our common stock, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $34.7 million.
Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual Obligations
For a description of our purchase obligations and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 13 and Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this exhibit, respectively.
In addition, we have $5.2 million of uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2025. We adjust these positions when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. We are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. Although we believe we have adequately provided for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience, current trends and other factors that we believe to be reasonable at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results could differ from these estimates.
The critical accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions, and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our financial statements are described below. 
Revenue Recognition 
Our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Judgment may be required in determining whether products contain multiple distinct performance obligations and whether each should be accounted for separately or as one combined performance obligation. 
For arrangements with multiple performance obligations, we allocate revenue to each distinct performance obligation based on its relative stand-alone selling price. Our process for determining the stand-alone selling price requires judgment. For performance obligations routinely sold separately, we consider multiple factors that may vary over time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each performance obligation. We determine the stand-alone selling price based on prices charged to customers for individual products, taking into consideration other factors, which may include (i) historical and expected discounting practices, (ii) the size, and volume of transactions, (iii) the geographic areas in which our products are sold, and (iv) our overall go-to-market strategy. For those performance obligations that are not routinely sold separately, we determine the stand-alone selling price using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs.
When arrangements have variable consideration, we utilize the expected value method to estimate the amount expected to be received. The amount of variable consideration that is included in the transaction price is constrained to the extent that it is probable a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. The estimate of the variable consideration is based on the assessment of historical, current, and forecasted performance noted and expected from the performance obligation.
The transaction price in some of our arrangements include non-cash consideration. We determine the fair value of non-cash consideration at contract inception by using historical internal and current observable third-party data.
For the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenue on a gross basis, or an agent, and report revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price.
Our Devices revenue includes allowances for returns and sales incentives in the estimated transaction price.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
We review long-lived assets, including property and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset or asset group to which it relates may not be recoverable. If such facts and circumstances indicate an asset or asset group’s carrying amount may not be recoverable, we assess its recoverability by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows directly associated with the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group against their respective carrying amounts. If the asset or asset group is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the asset or asset group.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recognized an impairment charge of $2.9 million for operating lease right-of-use assets. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized an impairment charge of $22.6 million for operating lease right-of-use assets and an impairment charge of $7.0 million for property and equipment related to a decision to cease the use of certain office facilities and related property and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized an impairment charge of $131.6 million for operating lease right-of-use assets and an impairment charge of $72.3 million for property and equipment related to a decision to sub-lease and cease the use of certain office facilities and related property and equipment. See Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this exhibit.
Significant judgments and estimates included in the determination of the fair value of the assets were identification of events or changes in circumstances necessitating an impairment assessment, the expected downtime prior to the commencement of future subleases, projected sublease income over the remaining lease periods, and discount rates that reflect the level of risk associated with the expected future cash flows.
Allowances for Sales Returns and Sales Incentives
Our accounts receivable are stated at invoice value less estimated allowances that include allowance for sales returns and sales incentives. We perform an ongoing analysis of various factors including our historical experience, promotional programs, claims to date, and other business factors to determine the allowances for sales returns and sales incentives. The actual results could differ from our estimates. 
Provision for Income Taxes 
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, income tax expense is recognized for the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. In addition, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not they will not be realized. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, we assess all available positive and negative evidence, including cumulative historic losses and forecasted earnings. 
We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. We have established reserves to address potential exposures related to tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. While we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, we provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different.
We make assumptions, judgments and estimates while taking into account current tax laws to determine the current income tax provision (benefit), deferred tax asset and liabilities, and valuation allowance recorded against a deferred tax asset. Changes in tax law, their interpretation, and resolution of tax audits could significantly impact the income taxes provided in our consolidated financial statements. Assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the amount of deferred income taxes take into account future taxable income. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above could cause the actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates.
Business Combinations
We recognize, separately from goodwill, identifiable assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination at fair value on the date of acquisition. We use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of contingent consideration, and tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. Critical estimates in valuing contingent consideration include the probability of achieving certain performance metrics and milestones, and the discount rate. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected cash flows, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. We estimate the useful lives of intangible assets based on the expected period over which we anticipate generating economic benefit from the asset. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates, or actual results.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
The recent accounting pronouncements are discussed and included in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this exhibit. They are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                                   Page
      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 34)          23
                                                Consolidated Balance Sheets          25
                                      Consolidated Statements of Operations          26
                     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)          27
                            Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity          28
                                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows          29
                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          31
                                                             1. The Company          31
               2. Significant Accounting Policies and Basis of Presentation          31
                                                                 3. Revenue          38
                                                    4. Business Combination          38
                                          5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets          39
                                                6. Balance Sheet Components          41
                                                          7. Content Assets          42
                                                   8. Strategic Investments          43
                                                   9. Fair Value Disclosure          44
                                                                 10. Leases          46
                                                                   11. Debt          47
                                                   12. Stockholders’ Equity          47
                                          13. Commitments and Contingencies          50
                                                           14. Income Taxes          51
                                                       15. Retirement Plans          55
                                            16. Net Income (Loss) Per Share          55
                                                    17. Segment Information          55
                                                  18. Restructuring Charges          56

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Roku, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Roku, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 13, 2026 (not presented herein), expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition - Identification of Performance Obligations – Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Company generates Platform revenue from both their Advertising and Subscriptions segments. The Company generates Advertising revenue from the sale of digital advertising, including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into their UI, and related services. They generate Subscriptions revenue primarily from the sale of subscriptions to end users, including the sale of Premium Subscriptions, the sale of owned and operated subscription services, and the revenue from the content distribution arrangements, which primarily includes subscription revenue shares from content partners and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls. Certain Platform revenue contracts include various products or services that can include both Advertising and Subscriptions, which are generally capable of being distinct and are accounted for as separate performance obligations. Judgment may be required in determining the performance obligations in such contracts as it impacts the pattern of revenue recognition.
Given the significant judgment required by management in determining the performance obligations in certain Platform revenue contracts, our associated audit procedures required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the management's determination of the performance obligations within certain Platform revenue contracts included the following, among others:
•We evaluated management’s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition for compliance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
•We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over Platform revenue contracts, including the review of contract terms and the determination of performance obligations.
•Assessed management’s evaluation of the impact of performance obligations on the pattern of revenue recognition.
•We selected a sample of certain Platform revenue contracts, obtained and read the related contracts, and evaluated whether management properly determined the performance obligations and the pattern of revenue recognition.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Jose, California 
February 13, 2026, (June 18, 2026, as to the change in the composition of reportable segments as discussed in Notes 1 and 17).
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2008. 
ROKU, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except par value data)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 As of December 31,
2025                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2024
Assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
Current assets:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       $1,587,068                          $2,160,236     
Short-term investments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             730,213                                   —     
Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $80,448 and $72,657 as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       879,871                             812,510     
Inventories                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        114,642                             158,271     
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           89,716                             103,146     
Total current assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             3,401,510                           3,234,163     
Property and equipment, net                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        173,577                             213,690     
Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                                                                                                                                                                                